With manager guidance, plans, organizes, develops and delivers client-requested reports, deliverables and projects on time, adhering to client requested specifications.  Designs, creates and manages client databases, utilizing Urban Science proprietary software, ensuring accurate and high quality data.  Accurately performs application coding and testing functions associated with the development of custom client software.  Tracks, processes, analyzes and verifies data in order to improve accuracy and quality.  Use technical skills to accurately monitor, update and maintain Urban Science internal software systems.  Adheres to quality control standards for Urban Science and client organizations.  Coordinates with individuals or teams to complete analyses, tasks and projects on time and with high quality.  Effectively responds to client inquiries/requests in a timely manner to help improve client satisfaction.  Proactively communicates with management to provide updates and report issues in a timely manner.  Actively works with manager to understand and implement solutions to improve NPS (client satisfaction).  Actively supports and participates in required Urban Science training programs to achieve targeted development objectives.  Works with manager in completing own annual goal setting and performance review in a timely manner.  Works with manager to prioritize other duties as assigned.  Verbal Communication Requires the ability to compose and verbally deliver information of varying levels, using appropriate grammar, tone, inflection and non-verbal cues, while also listening to and correctly deciphering verbal communication delivered by others  Written Communication Requires the ability and capacity to communicate ideas, facts and data in writing using appropriate grammar, syntax and sentence structure  Analytical Thinking Requires the ability to understand a situation by breaking it apart into smaller pieces, and/or tracing the implications of a situation in a step-by-step causal way  Results Oriented Requires the ability to strive for optimal results by taking responsibility for timeliness, commitment to task and adherence to performance standards  Ethics & Integrity Requires the ability to behave in a trustworthy & transparent manner  Teamwork & Cooperation Requires the ability to work cooperatively with others and be part of a team  Self-Control Requires the ability to keep emotions under control and to restrain from negative actions or behaviors  Math & Statistics Requires knowledge of basic descriptive statistics and ability to execute simple statistical analyses, create scatter plots, bar charts and histograms; requires ability to apply the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem  MS Office Requires demonstrated knowledge of MS Excel for charting and graphing of data, writing formulas, utilizing functions, and filtering, sorting and formatting of data; intermediate knowledge of MS Word, PowerPoint, and Access is preferred  Database Working knowledge of relational database concepts, which require gathering and manipulating data manually is preferred; knowledge and experience with SQL is preferred  University degree required; technical degrees are strongly preferred (i.e., engineering, applied math, statistics, applied science, information systems, operations research, etc.) from an accredited college or university, or equivalent foreign institution. Non-technical degrees will be considered if candidate possesses appropriate level of analytical and technical knowledge required for the role  Apprentice level certification for one practice area  Project Management Ambassador  Urban Science Ambassador  Statistics 1 & Basic Statistics Assessment (or external equivalent)  Intro to Operations Research (or external equivalent)
