 Executes experiments and analyzes data from flow cytometry analytical assays with limited supervision, as part of the Cell Therapy Analytical Development (CTAD) team.   Executes experiments to support on-going method development to support drug product release.   Responsible for ensuring compliance with good laboratory practices and other regulatory guidelines.   Interfaces with internal research groups and clinical groups and assures laboratory productivity and technical research flexibility.   Helps to oversee laboratory needs to ensure appropriate inventory/maintenance.   With limited supervision and/or oversight; design and execute analytical experiments of moderate complexity.   Perform data analysis, summarize and report experimental results.   Present data in group meetings and work collaboratively to determine next steps.   Document/review laboratory work in e-notebooks that is detailed, accurate, timely, and in compliance with Good Documentation Practices.   Ensure proper operation and perform routine maintenance of laboratory equipment as needed.   Potentially could be working with biological material--no exposure to animals.   Required B.S. with 2 - 4 years' work experience or M.S. with 0 -2 years' experience in Molecular & Cellular Biology, Immunology, or related discipline.   Experience working in a regulated (GLP/GMP) environment preferred.   Flow cytometry assay development experience is preferred.   Experience with flow cytometry platforms is preferred: Miltenyi Macsquant, BD Symphony A5 and/or Canto, Beckman Coulter Cytoflex.   Experience with flow cytometry software is preferred: Flowjo, FCS Express   Assay qualification/validation experience is preferred.   Excellent organizational skills and ability to handle multiple tasks.   Highly motivated, willingness to acquire new skills, and ability to work with minimal supervision.   Excellent verbal and written communication skills.   Must be proficient in Microsoft suite.   Position Handles Hazardous Materials. 
