Collaborate with stakeholders to gather and prioritize business requirements. Write comprehensive and detailed functional business requirements. Tell compelling stories with data, providing actionable recommendations based on your analysis. Understand data connections from the front end to back end systems. Utilize your ability to speak and present well to facilitate communication between business stakeholders and the IT team. Conduct meetings, workshops, and presentations to gather information and share insights effectively. Collaborate with UX teams to enhance the overall user experience of the solutions. Must have experience gathering and documenting business requirements Experience writing user stories Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to speak and present effectively Background in user experience to contribute to user-centric solutions. Must have strong analytical thinking and the ability to tell a story with data Must have understanding of data integration Must have Salesforce experience  Health Cloud experience preferred  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field. Flexible work Healthcare including dental, vision, mental health, and well-being programs Financial well-being programs such as 401(k) (matched 150% up to 6%) and Employee Share Ownership Plan 100% Company-paid mobile phone plan 3 weeks Personal Time Off (PTO) and 7 Paid Holidays Paid parental leave Family building benefits like adoption assistance, surrogacy, and cryopreservation Social well-being benefits like subsidized back-up child/elder care and tutoring Mentoring, coaching and learning programs Continuing Education: $12,000 Annual Tuition Reimbursement plus access to over 20,000 online courses and certifications through Capgemini University, as well as Coursera and Degreed. Programs for Counseling, Support, Health and Fitness perks, Auto discounts and much, much more! Employee Resource Groups Disaster Relief Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, or any other form of compensation that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.
