Hybrid to remote 3 days on site Data Science Temp – HEOR-RWE, BD Be part of something bigger! BD is one of the largest global medical technology companies in the world and is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. We have over 65,000 employees and a presence in virtually every country around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. In today’s fast evolving medical technology world, one aspect remains common – reliance on data to drive the next wave of innovation. The Data Scientist in HEOR-RWE will help advance BD’s Real-World Evidence (RWE) strategy and help build the right analytics strategy for a range of Business Units and Functions. We are looking for a Data Science temp who is passionate about data and analysis tools, has the rigor needed to solve problems, and demonstrates curiosity and enthusiasm adopting new technologies to innovate. The person will report to Senior Principal Data Scientist in HEOR-RWE and be focusing on building interactive applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud, automating data pipeline, and facilitating training. In your role as a Data Science temp, you will use AWS Cloud cutting-edge technology to design/manipulate heterogenous data sets, and build or enhance applications in the areas listed below: Manipulate and merge data from different sources using programming language R or Python. Create and improve efficiency of data pipelines on AWS Cloud. Build data visualization dashboards and add features and functionalities using AWS QuickSight. You will gain experiences working on healthcare clinical trials development industry, develop data driven solutions to increase clinical research efficiency. You will be working closely with other members of our Data Science team to deliver value to our business partners. Prefer a degree in data science, statistics, applied analytics, computer science, engineering, or a related discipline. Curiosity and enthusiasm about data related techniques. Exposure to AWS Cloud technologies. Ability to program in Python, R or similar languages. Proficiency in writing SQL queries to join tables and manipulate data. Test and assess the quality of new tools. Eager to learn a new set of tools in AWS Cloud and work on challenging problems. Strong verbal and written communication and presentation skills. Able to work with internal clients with minimal supervision.
