Extract, clean and analyze large volumes of data from various sources to support different marketing initiatives. Develop and maintain prediction, optimization and other data science models to understand consumer needs and optimize marketing strategies Analyze performance of data science models and results of different marketing tests using statistical validation methods Develop methodologies for segmenting customer data to tailor different marketing initiatives.  Work closely with marketing, analytics, and business stakeholders to define and achieve data goals. Work with engineering and product teams to productize data models and solutions Clearly communicate complex analytical concepts and findings to non-technical stakeholders. Write clean, efficient, and reusable code and contribute to existing documentation and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback Mentor junior data scientists and contribute to team knowledge sharing. Stay abreast of the latest trends in data science relevant to marketing, ensuring a deep understanding and application of the latest tools, techniques, and best practices  MS in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, or a related field. 5+ years of experience in developing and maintaining Data Science applications/solutions for marketing, finance or other business-related fields. Proficiency in statistical analysis, hypothesis testing, and predictive modeling. Experience with ML algorithms for classification, regression, clustering, and recommendation systems. Ability to apply data science/analytics framework to analyze consumer behavior, segmentation, and marketing performance. Proven expertise in handling and analyzing large datasets and complex variables. Proficiency in programming languages such as Python and/or R and data manipulation tools (SQL, Pandas, etc.). Advanced knowledge of Data Science frameworks, libraries and statistical methods. Experience with big data technologies including Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc. Familiarity with data visualization tools and techniques. Experience in cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP is desirable. Curious, ownership, and outcome mindset with the ability to pivot as per business requirements Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Proactive and innovative mindset with a willingness to challenge the status quo. Excellent communication and collaboration skills.  Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. If you are European Economic Resident, please click here.  Samsung Electronics America, Inc. and its subsidiaries are committed to employing a diverse workforce, and provide Equal Employment Opportunity for all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.
