 Hybrid, must be onsite 3 days a week  8 hours a day, may work earlier in the day or later in the day based on working with EMEA  1 year contract, might be able to extend, but not promised  PhD is required  Must have 3 years experience  Support across all projects  Get data survey or medical data, and do analysis on data  Predicting health behaviors and suggesting behaviors to the world (for example suggesting lung screenings)  Train internal AI informational platform to make suggestions  Data Analytics (predictive modeling)  Using multiple/big datasets to generate business (ex - SCALA & SPARK)  Evidence of translating data analytics within applied healthcare setting This position on the Behavior Change Intelligence team will closely partner with other functions to provide data science expertise in service of the company and strategic customers, with a specific focus on health and data solutions.  The Data Scientist is required to ensure consistency of scientific methodologies and efficient utilization of resources. This position will report to the Director, Behavior Science and will closely partner with other functional leaders.  Ph.D. with a minimum of three years of relevant experience within industry is required.  A focus in behavior change, social psychology, other public health-related fields, or equivalent focus in biomedical informatics as applied to health behavior is preferred.  Experience in the analysis of behavior science and/or population-based interventions to support healthcare and health outcomes is required.  Experience in developing and deploying technology-based behavior change solutions is preferred.  A passion for excellence and exceeding customer expectations is required.  Excellent internal and external customer facing skills are required.  Active listening skills, strong business acumen, and strong organizational skills are required.  Excellent oral and interpersonal communication skills are required.  An understanding of and ability to apply research and program evaluation methodology is required.  Experience working with cross-functional project teams is required.  Professional scholarly activity (e.g. conference presentations, peer-reviewed publications) is required.  An understanding of and ability to apply data science methodologies is required.  Experience with ontologies is preferred.  Dental insurance Health insurance 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Doctorate (Preferred) Data Analytics (predictive modeling): 3 years (Preferred) Using multiple/big datasets to generate business: 1 year (Preferred) SCALA: 1 year (Preferred) SPARK: 1 year (Preferred) data analytics within applied healthcare setting: 1 year (Preferred) New Brunswick, NJ 08933: Relocate before starting work (Required)
