Lead analyses related to Healthcare Resource Utilization, Total Healthcare Cost and Clinical Outcomes with a focus on Specialty Medications/Rare diseases, Channel Management, Utilization Management, and specific Therapeutic area research (root cause analyses, Health Outcome Studies, Opportunity analysis including descriptive and multivariate statistics to identify patterns in the data.) Develop new reports, models and analytic solutions with innovative ways to present data internally and externally in order to support Health Sales & Business stakeholders. This requires combining business knowledge and data acumen along with technical (SAS, SQL) skills to efficiently complete these ad-hoc requests. Query data warehouse(s) using variety of tools available. Extract data and manipulate into reports for client both internal and external. Maintain turn-around times per agreements. Consultation with Data & Analytics matrix partners to develop best practices and help understand complex issues and requests. Cross-Functional collaboration as needed to create alignment with stakeholders. Project management and prioritization – Advisor role will support multiple projects and will need to be able to work with Health Sales’ and Analytics team to manage multiple initiatives at the same time and negotiate timelines/priority with stakeholders. Manage the analytic solution development efforts in the role of a Product Owner, requiring effective project management, technical and functional documentation, communication and stakeholder alignment.  Explore and visualize the data using advanced tools such as including Tableau, PowerBI, Thoughtspot and/or Looker. (Largely Tool agnostic environment) Extraction and analysis of large healthcare claims data using state of the art big-data infrastructure leveraging cloud and on premise tools i.e. SAS, Analytic platform (Python), R, Teradata, Hadoop, etc. BS/MS/PhD inEconometrics, Actuarial Science, Data Science, Health Outcomes, Epidemiology, Statistics, or in any technical field that provides a solid basis for analytics highly desired. Minimum 3 years of industry experience in solving Health Plan, PBM business or Commercial Pharma Analytic problems through the application of analytic approaches. Prior experience in Healthcare analytics, Specialty Medication or Specialty Condition analytics or Health Outcomes preferred. A demonstrated ability to understand and effectively communicate (both verbally and written) analytic and clinical data to a varied audience. Deep healthcare data (e.g., PBM experience, Provider Networks, Billing, Medical and Pharmacy claims), statistical analysis experience, and an understanding of all the associated clinical, utilization and financial levers. Experience with statistical software/programming languages such as SQL programming, SAS, R, Python and other tools preferred (Python knowledge not requisite but preferred). Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Thoughtspot or PowerBI. A data-driven personality w/ Intellectual curiosity and internal motivation.
