 Follow all policies and internal processes to ensure data programs and files are delivered in accordance with the provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations, as amended (“HIPAA”).   Design, develop and validate data reporting solutions with minimum supervision.   Evaluate data and report findings for accuracy and completeness, per the data specifications.   Identify, investigate, and resolve data anomalies using SQL or other statistical analysis software. Escalate issues as needed per internal processes.   Responsible for monitoring file/data receipt, data implementation from different data sources for report generation per expected schedules. Identify/escalate/ resolve nonconformance .   Meet data reporting schedules to external stakeholders/ parties for designated data programs.   Seek and adopt best practices in data reporting, make recommendations for data processing improvements. Identify opportunities to improve the process and data accuracy.   Provide ad hoc data analysis to internal and external parties as requested.   Monitor and process weekly/monthly/quarterly reporting needs for different data programs.   Ensure that Asembia’s data reports meet program requirements and are delivered in a timely manner by making necessary changes to improve data accuracy.   Successful collaboration with other Asembia team members to attain a common goal.   Bachelor’s Degree required. B.A./B.S. Information Systems or similar field preferred.   Minimum 1 to 3 years of experience working in data analytics or Software Quality assurance – preference towards Prescription / pharmaceutical data.   Must have a working knowledge of SQL.   Must be detail oriented with the ability to focus on complex processing steps.   Nice to have advance level skills in developing solutions using SQL and SSIS.   Proven track record with taking ownership in data analytics or Software QA analysis. of data investigations, understand interdependencies within data and seeing them through to resolution, preferably using SQL.   Ability to evaluate insights from data analysis and suggest data process improvements.   Ability to manage multiple initiatives in a fast paced, dynamic team-based environment.   Strong self-starter with a sense of ownership.   Excellent organizational and collaboration skills. 
