
Design and build data pipelines to collect, process, and store data from various sources (e.g., databases, APIs, logs) into a central data warehouse or data lake. Perform detailed analysis, data profiling, and validation rules at every stage of data processing. Demonstrate strong programming skills in languages such as SQL, Stored Procs, Python, PySpark, PostgreSQL. Develop and maintain data models and schemas for efficient storage and retrieval of data, considering performance and scalability. Collect and clean data from multiple sources, including databases, spreadsheets, and APIs, ensuring data consistency and quality. Create ETL processes to transform and cleanse data to make it suitable for analysis. Administer and optimize databases, ensuring data security, integrity, and availability. Monitor and optimize the performance of data pipelines and databases to meet business requirements. Possess experience in migration and modernizing on-prem legacy data to the cloud platform. Establish and enforce data governance policies, including data quality standards and metadata management. Maintain documentation for data pipelines, schemas, and methodologies. Create compelling data visualizations, reports, and dashboards to convey insights to non-technical stakeholders. Experience using Code Versioning and Build Process tools like GIT would be a plus. Other skills and competence include proficiency in data analysis tools (e.g., Excel, R, Python, SQL), experience with data warehousing technologies (e.g., SQL databases, Hadoop, Spark), ETL tool experience (e.g., Apache NiFi, Apache Airflow, Datastage or others), strong knowledge of data modeling and database design, preferred experience with some public Cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP), knowledge of data warehousing and data lake technologies (Snowflake, AWS RedShift, AWS Athena, Google BigQuery, etc.), knowledge of data transformation tools (AWS Glue, Databricks, DBT, etc.), a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field, familiarity with data integration and data governance principles, strong analytical and problem-solving skills, excellent communication and presentation skills, attention to detail, and the ability to work with large datasets, and business acumen with the ability to translate data into actionable insights.