The role involves developing and providing comprehensive reporting and management information across various business areas, encompassing both static and scheduled reporting. This includes the analysis, evaluation, and documentation of business requirements for new and existing reports and processes. The aim is to challenge and enhance current systems and processes in place. Additionally, the role supports the Senior Manager, Data Analytics in fulfilling key responsibilities and ensures the delivery of reports and analysis within agreed Service Level Agreements. The incumbent aids stakeholders in understanding and applying performance statistics, highlighting trends to management. The responsibilities also extend to designing and developing accurate management information and business intelligence for distribution among internal stakeholders. Furthermore, the role involves updating and maintaining relevant working tools and materials, undertaking quality control and accuracy checks, and monitoring/reporting on performance against internal and external Service Level Agreements. It also includes contributing to the design and implementation of operational management information systems, supporting Quality Management Information, and developing Service Delivery Review packs. The role extends to designing, researching, and building presentations for Departmental managers to interface with the wider business and providing support to projects by delivering reports and analysis to measure the success of new initiatives. The ideal candidate should have 1-2 years of customer service experience and/or experience with large data sets, advanced knowledge of MS Excel (including PivotTables, Macros, and Charts), proficiency in Google Collaboration tools, knowledge of Microsoft Access and Word, basic VBA programming skills, and familiarity with the SQL programming language. Preferred qualifications include advanced VBA programming skills, proficiency in creating basic SQL queries, intermediate knowledge of Data Visualization tools, basic statistical analysis skills, 1-2 years of Contact Center operations experience, and familiarity with digital experience trends and metrics. Desired qualifications encompass intermediate statistical analysis skills, familiarity with the usage of Python and R for data analysis, and familiarity with AWS and BigQuery. The role may involve travel, and there is an acknowledgment that operational aspects may require some weekend oversight, incident, and crisis management.

