Collaborates with PD function data science experts to build predictive models and use cases to enable development portfolio acceleration Leverage advanced data analytics, multivariate analysis, first principle concepts, etc. to analyze big datasets, draw insights, and recommend proactive actions Owns the use case development for modeling transformations along with the Data Engineers to drive impact Collaborates with business partners to develop novel ways to meet objectives utilizing cutting edge techniques and tools Effectively communicate the analytics approach and how it will meet and address objectives to business partners Advocate and educate on the value of data driven decision making focusing on the “how and why” of solving problems Engineer features by using your business acumen to find new ways to combine disparate internal and external data sources Share your passion for Data Science with broader enterprise community; identify and develop long-term processes, frameworks, tools, methods and standards. Stay connected with external sources of ideas through conferences and community engagements Ph.D. in engineering, pharmaceutical science, chemistry, biochemistry, physics or other quantitative area of study with 0-3 years of experience; M.S in engineering, pharmaceutical science, chemistry, biochemistry, physics or other quantitative area of study with 3-5 years of experience; or B.S. in engineering, pharmaceutical science, chemistry, biochemistry, physics or other quantitative area of study with more than 5 years of experience. 2+ years hands-on working in the area of data science, data analytics, data integration, reporting. 2+ years of hands-on experience with data science and analytics, modeling platforms, data engineering software and visualization tools (e.g. Advanced SQL, PL/SQL, R, Python, SAP HANA, Spotfire, Tableau, Hadoop, Redshift) Scientific background in life sciences or engineering and demonstrated expertise in one or more of the following areas data analytics, data visualization, statistics, machine learning, predictive modeling, decision analysis under uncertainty, artificial intelligence, Python and/or R, app development, and Tableau dashboard development Experience building predictive models and use cases for pharmaceutical processes and exposure to process development topics (e.g., development process, standard unit operations) Knowledge of Big Data technologies such as Cloud AI platforms is preferred Experience in model deployment and maintenance is preferred Excellent interpersonal, collaborative, team-building, and communication skills to ensure effective collaborations within matrix teams. Exceptional project management skills with demonstrated ability to lead multiple projects and priorities. Exceptional analytical skills with substantial knowledge of data analysis & data engineering. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to quickly gain and apply functional area specific knowledge. Ability to learn new tools and skills quickly. Experience working in the pharmaceutical development Experience interpreting analytical results and ascertaining implications to the business. Experience interacting with business stakeholders understanding, anticipating, and fulfilling their insight/analytical information requirements. Exceptional creative problem solving skills to answer key business questions. Ability to work with diverse teams across organizational lines and structures.
