 Understanding products' data strategy, business functionalities, and success measures to provide context for designing and building models.  Interpreting Product/Product data mapping, leveraging strong business acumen.  Understands basic data extraction and data transfer tools utilized  Analyzes the use of data within products and develop integration methods in support of that projects data needs.  Designs and builds data integration methods to guarantee accuracy as well as accessibility of all valuable data while understanding what data is important for that project and why.  Creates and maintains accurate and relevant network documentation including diagrams, as-built documents, configuration templates, inventories and IT Service Catalog.  Ability to conduct data profiling, cataloguing, and data mapping for technical design using a use case-based approach that drives the construction of technical data flows.  Collecting data through means such as analyzing business results or by setting up and managing new studies  Transferring data into a new format to make it more appropriate for analysis  Creating new, experimental frameworks to collect data  Building tools to automate data collection  Searching through large data sets for usable information  Correlating similar data to find actionable results  Communication is essential, must be able to listen and understand the question and develop and deliver clear insights.  Outstanding team player.  Independent and able to manage and prioritize workload.  Ability to quickly and positively adapt to change.  Good understanding of data standards and structure  Good understanding of statistical and machine learning modeling with experience applying these modeling techniques to business problems  Knowledge of using automated machine learning (AutoML) frameworks to enhance productivity  Experience working in Python, R, Scala, and/or T-SQL preferred  Experience connecting to Data Platforms including data lakes, data warehouses, NoSQL databases, and APIs  Familiarity with business intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau)  Ability to perform exploratory data analysis  Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop and Spark  Strong mathematics skills (e.g., statistics, algebra)  Ability to visualize data in the most effective way possible for a given project or study Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance  Paid holidays plus Paid Time Off  401(k) plan and contributions  Long-term/Short-term Disability  Paid Parental Leave  Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
