Does the thought of working with one of the most comprehensive employment data sets excite you?  Are you inspired by transformation and making an impact on the lives of millions of people every day? Are you a technologist first and foremost who approaches every problem wearing that hat while going out of your way to champion creativity and build diverse, productive, and engaged teams? Advanced Analytics & Predictive Modeling. You formulate analytical problems, extract & analyze data from multiple systems, summarize critical findings/insights, and develop a compelling visual representation of analyses with actionable recommendations. Team Collaboration. You will be part of a collaborative team, listening to needs, then finding and sharing solutions. You're comfortable and skilled at presenting your projects and findings to both peers and leadership. You collaborate with product, design, and engineering teams to plan, design, develop and deploy high-impact data products supporting multiple products across ADP. Research & Development. You design and implement start-of-the-art data products, machine learning models, and systems to optimize the HCM system user experience. You continuously looking for new ways to leverage ADP data to create new products and services and find more insights. You are passionate about learning and applying new techniques within data science that leads to innovations. Deliver at an epic scale. You write pristine code and documentation, champion and define best practices to produce highly adaptive, high-performing, continuous learning AI models/systems. May 2024 Graduates only  Education. Accepting three levels of education: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree and/or PH.D degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, or a related field. Communication. You are an advanced English language speaker. Technical skills. You have fluency in Python-including popular data science packages (pandas, sklearn, etc.), proficiency in SQL, notably writing and optimizing queries, and strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and methods used in the data science field. Knowledge of natural language processing Experience with integrating data products (recommender systems, classifiers, chatbots, etc.) into applications in production environments Exposure to Jupyter notebooks, MLflow, and/or Databricks platform AWS cloud solutions (S3, Glue, Lambda, SageMaker) Experience with distributed computing environments (Spark/Hive) Have courageous team collaboration. Courage comes from how associates are willing to have difficult conversations, speak up, be an owner, and challenge one another's ideas to find the best solution. Be surrounded by curious learners. We align ourselves with other smart people in an environment where we grow and elevate one another to the next level. We encourage our associates to listen, stay agile, and learn from mistakes.
