Machine Learning Data Scientist to build & support scalable, highly available, and robust Machine Learning (ML) /Deep Learning (DL) platforms using ML/DL frameworks, High-Performance Computing (HPC) machines, Data Science tools, products & services in the cloud and on-premises for client’s data & analytics organization.  The role will expose you to cutting-edge technologies related to ML/DL and the ideal candidate will be driven, focused, and enthusiastic about learning new technologies and implementing them. Build, install, configure, manage, and scale state-of-the-art machine learning platform in cloud (Azure preferred) & on-premises powering client’s Data and analytics products and solutions. Work with data scientists, architects, DevOps engineers, and vendors to implement scalable ML/DL solutions in the cloud and on-premises to solve complex problems. Creating & maintaining ML/DL pipelines and overall ML/DL workflow orchestration including but not limited to data collection, prep, transform, analyzing, experimenting, training, validating, serving, monitoring, etc.  Implement ML/DL solutions addressing performance, scalability, and the governance/ traceability of machine learning models Iterate quickly through the latest technologies, products, frameworks, and R&D on the latest information related to ML/DL frameworks, tools & services.  4+ years’ experience delivering DevOps and MLOps in a Production/Enterprise setting Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills. Experienced in a technical role involving platform and infrastructure operation.  System administration experience of Unix or Linux systems.  Container-based deployment experience using Docker and Kubernetes.  Proficient with the machine learning modeling lifecycle and comfortable addressing both functional and technical aspects of model delivery Experience with managing, and deploying large distributed systems like Spark, DASK & H20, and heterogenous platform components. Experienced with programming languages like Python or R and comfortable in understanding the statistical foundations of most used ML algorithms.  Experienced with Machine Learning frameworks: Sci-kit, Keras, Theano, TensorFlow, SparkMlib, etc.  Preferred hands-on experience IBM Watson Machine Learning systems or related preferred  Preferred hands-on experience with HPC – Nvidia, CUDA  Preferred experience with configuration Management tools like Ansible, puppet  Preferred experience in monitoring and performance analysis of Machine Learning platforms using tools like Grafana and Zabbix. Bachelor’s degree required; Masters preferred in Computer Science or Data Science Health Insurance with Dental & Vision 401K Plan Life Insurance, STD & LTD Paid Vacations & Holidays Paid Parental Leave FSA Dependent & Limited Purpose care Learning & Development
