 Working closely with business stakeholders, product managers, and data engineers to design,  Developing, training, tuning, and optimizing AI models and algorithms.  Implementing complex real-time data and AI/ML applications to capture and codify  Developing ML/AI models for business teams along with metrics to track their accuracy  Overseeing the full lifecycle of ML model development from ideation and data exploration, algorithm design and testing, model development, tests and registrations, model versions managements, to monitoring and tuning in production.  Evaluating ML algorithms that could be used to solve a given problem and ranking them by their success probability.  Acting as an internal resource for AI/ML specific needs, providing guidance, analysis, and context to internal stakeholders during meetings and other strategy activities.  Machine Learning;  Familiar with MLFlow, Kedro, Pyspark, Pytorch frameworks (Over 5 years)  Expertise of using commonly used ML/AI Models/libraries such as Pandas, Numpy, Tensorflow2/3, Keras, BERT, LayoutLMV1/2/3 as well as regressions, decision trees, random forest, K-means, etc traditional ML algorithms. (Over 10 years)  Expertise of distributed ML/AI training libraries/models: Koalas, Horovod, DDP.   Python programing and Software Engineering  Expertise of Pythonic clean coding, developing decorators, generators and descriptors for Python modules/libraries (over 10 years)  Expertise of Software Design by Contract, particular over 10 years of DRY/OAOO, YAGNI, KIS, EAFP/LBYL, Defensive programming  Expertise of separating cohension and coupling concerns in software design. (Over 10 years)  Expertise of structing the code and orthogonality in software. (Over 10 years)  Expertise of the SOLID Principles (Single responsibility, Open/closed, Liskov’s substitution, Interface segregation and Dependency Inversion) (Over 10 years) Cloud DevSecOps  Over 5 years of coding container image dockfile and K8S  Over 5 years of coding YAML scripts  Expertise of building CI/CD pipelines, particular over 10 years of programming in Jenkins, Github, Nexus, Sonar, Unit test framework, Pytest.  Over 5 years of Cloud, familiar with at least 2 of Azure, GCP and AWS.   Familiar with node affinity, container, pods, namespace and cluster (over 5 years)  Over 5 years of protecting data in production using Key-vaults, cloud HSM, KMS. 
