 Delivering insights on people data, maintaining data quality standards, and driving global solutions for HR processes and analytics.  Influencing and creating solutions which impact people data strategy and insights at the enterprise level.  Partner with stakeholders to create a strategic roadmap for analytical support.  Solve complex data challenges using advanced analytics methodologies.  Deep understanding of end-to-end HR business processes and emerging HR trends.  Collaborate with IT to monitor system usage, adoption, and challenges.  Liaise between HR Centers of Excellence (COEs) and IT to ensure accurate business requirements and data/reporting needs.  Audit, monitor, and recommend process changes to maintain data quality.  Implement benchmarking techniques to drive insights and improvements.  Build out reporting and analytical solutions in UKG Cognos BI or Microsoft Fabric suite.  Champion data awareness and data-driven decision-making through the use of data tools and insights.  Proven experience in People Analytics.  Proven experience with UKG-UltiPro People Analytics Suite (IBM Cognos)  Technical expertise in SQL, Microsoft Fabric, PowerBI, and Python.  Experience with a variety of machine learning algorithms, including regression.  PowerQuery and SQL Server Analysis Services experience is a plus.  Proficiency in Excel.  Bachelor’s degree in a relevant discipline or equivalent experience.  5+ years of experience in People Analytics roles.  (Preferred) Master’s degree in Analytics, Statistics, or related field.  Experience with HR technology across various categories such as commission, workforce planning, employee engagement, etc.  Competitive salary range (specific to AvePoint's standards and location).  Comprehensive benefits package, including health insurance, retirement plans, and more.  Opportunities for professional growth and development.  This role requires strong collaboration, relationship-building, and communication skills.  This role has stakeholders based globally in APAC, EMEA, and North America.  This role will support the Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, and their teams that span across the People, Finance and IT functions.  The position offers a dynamic and rewarding environment with growth opportunities.
