You can actively contribute to our clients’ mission of advancing scientific discoveries that have the potential to change patients' lives for the better. Our PEOPLE FIRST culture prioritizes personal and professional growth for all Vitalief employees. We give everyone a seat at the table – we encourage innovation. Life/work balance that includes 20 PTO (Paid Time Off) days plus 9 paid Holidays annually. Other benefits include Company paid life insurance and short / long term disability coverage; 401K retirement program; Robust healthcare plans to choose from. Reporting to a Program Manager, this resource will support a medication-assisted treatment and recovery support services program for individuals with substance use disorders in northern New Jersey; more specifically in developing data-driven decision-making processes. Design and implement systems to track program deliverables, ensuring data quality, and contributing to on-going sponsored projects and opportunities for research. Works with leadership, clinical manager, academic detailers and training specialist to identify key performance indicators, benchmarks, and establish data collection methodologies. Develop a system using data visualization tools (i.e. Tableau, Qualtrics, etc.) to track and analyze academic detailing and training services. Most of the data to be analyzed will relate to educational workshops and training. A small portion of the data will be collected from EMR and patient charts. Assist in development of research methodologies and data collection strategies. Implement data collection tools, monitor and assess data quality, and ensure the integrity and accuracy of collected data. Conduct data analysis to identify trends, correlations, and areas for improvement. Analyze research data and contribute to preparation of research reports, publications, program materials and documents. Design and produce data dashboards and infographics for a diverse audience of users. Bachelor’s Degree in Public Health or related field. Master’s Degree in Public Health is a big plus. 2 to 4 years of data analysis experience, preferably in an educational or research setting in the public health field. Strong knowledge of data visualization techniques and tools (experience with Tableau and/or Qualtrics is preferred). Proficiency in data analysis and report generation. Self-starter that thrives in a fast-paced work environment. Ability to train a team about what is possible through data and statistical analysis. Must have strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills, with the ability to convey complex data insights to non-technical terms. Excellent analytical skills, attention to detail, and the ability to work independently and collaboratively with multidisciplinary teams.
