Ensuring adequate training (skills-based, cGMP and safety) of associates within the department. Be responsible for managing scheduling of daily QC testing related to the manufacturing of autologous CAR-T products for clinical and commercial operation in a Controlled cGMP environment. Be responsible to manage direct reports on day-to-day basis, including mid-year and year-end performances assessments. Be responsible to create and manage development plans for direct reports. Be responsible for the completion of QC raw material/utility, in-process, or final product samples testing related to the manufacturing of autologous CAR-T products for clinical trials and commercial operation in a controlled cGMP cleanroom environment. Ensure testing is completed in compliance with all applicable procedures, standards and GMP regulations. Work with Process Development team, Quality and Operations organization to successfully transfer process/analytical testing to cGMP facility to manufacture products. Work with cross-functional departments to support the manufacturing of autologous CAR-T products for clinical and commercial operation in a Controlled cGMP environment. Providing expertise in troubleshooting complex laboratory issues and demonstrating strong reasoning skills in support of ongoing laboratory investigations, corrections and/or CAPAs. Represent and support Regulatory Inspections for QC. Perform peer review/approval of laboratory data. Utilize electronic systems (LIMS) for execution and documentation of testing. Create, review and approve relevant QC documents, SOP’s and WI’s. Perform tasks in a manner consistent with the safety policies, quality systems and cGMP requirements. Other duties will be assigned, as necessary. A minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Engineering or equivalent technical discipline is required. A Minimum of 6 years relevant work experience is required. It is preferable that the candidate have experience working in an aseptic manufacturing facility, preferably in quality control, quality assurance, or cell therapy. A minimum of 1 year of leadership experience is also required. Experience in clinical quality, method development, cell banking, cell therapy, or Research & Development is preferred. People management or leadership experience is required. Experience working with Quality systems is required. Experience with quality support in clinical/commercial manufacture or NPI is preferred. Knowledge of chemical, biochemical and cell and gene concepts is preferred. Ability to apply basic and advanced mathematical concepts (including statistics) in the evaluation of laboratory data is required. Knowledge of cGMP regulations and FDA/EU guidance is required. The candidate must be highly organized and capable of working in a team environment with a positive attitude under some supervision. Comfortable with speaking and interacting with inspectors. Good written and verbal communication skills are required. This position may require occasional travel to partner sites in NJ as business demands. Candidates must be able to accommodate unplanned overtime (including nights and weekends) on little to no prior notice. Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance Matched 401K Flexible Spending Account Health Savings Account AD&D Insurance Short-Term Disability Long-Term Disability Paid Maternity Leave Paid Paternity Leave Pet Insurance Critical Illness Insurance Hospital Indemnity Insurance Accident Insurance Legal Insurance Commuter Benefits Employee Assistance Program
