Assist with the creation of effective data visualizations utilizing Tableau and other tools. Create and deliver various reports in support of the Sourcing & Procurement team and its business partners within the SMBC America Division Perform initial clean-up and classification of datasets, source missing data, and trace origin of any data quality issues. Troubleshoot issues with reports and dashboards to enable continuous monitoring of important business performance metrics and support effective visualization of data. Employ understanding of statistical modeling and analysis frameworks to gain key insights from collected data. Support exploratory analysis of existing data to uncover new trends and insights. Work with Sourcing & Procurement leadership and other business teams to develop and report key performance metrics. Provide support to business teams on utilizing reporting tools and the application of data observations. Demonstrate communication and presentation ability to capably illustrate complex data results to a wide audience of stakeholders. Work with Data Governance team to ensure that all data used in reporting and analytics is captured and utilized in ways that meet security standards and regulatory requirements.  Self-starter who demonstrates initiative and the ability to work independently to complete tasks   Highly results-oriented with a record of successful accomplishments   Experience creating, driving, and delivering quantitative reporting and data analytics results   Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills   Ability to understand complex concepts and reporting, and ability to easily explain/translate them to peers   Strong relationship management, collaboration, and influencing skills   Flexibility to respond to evolving requirements and dynamic priorities in a fast-paced work environment   Ability to work successfully as part of a team   Ability to successfully work on multiple tasks simultaneously while interacting professionally with a diverse group of executives, managers, and subject matter experts   Ability to partner and leverage resources across the team and other departments to achieve goals   Ability to prioritize work by setting and meeting realistic deadlines, forecasting and communicating changes resulting from risks, issues, and other challenges   Keen attention to detail, including ability to quality check own work and the work of others.   Fluency working with Microsoft Office applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word)   Experience using Tableau, Power BI, and/or similar data visualization tool is a plus, but not required   Basic knowledge of SQL, Python, and/or other data and query programming languages is a plus, but not required 
