Research - Internships consist of working on projects related to the development of technology to enhance existing products or enable future innovation.  Product Development - Internships generally focus on product design to create new or improve existing products or work in other strategic focus areas for the company such as business continuity, sustainability, and Mindful Snacking (well-being).  Process Development - Internships generally focus on the development of methods for converting raw materials into finished products, as well as continuous improvement of  existing processes.  Consumer Science- Internships consist of working on projects related to consumer-inspired design leveraging sensory and consumer insight tools and applications.  Quality – Internships consist of projects that focus on driving the consistency and integrity of our products by ensuring all quality and safety standards are met.  And other teams within R&D  Pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree in: Chemical Engineering, Food Engineering, Food Science, Nutrition or other related degrees.  Currently pursuing an undergraduate degree with a preferred expected graduation date between December 2024 and May 2025.  Statistical Analysis (MiniTab, JMP, SAS, or similar statistical software/language)   Analytical and computer skills (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)  Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Mondelēz International (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status.  Digital Tools:  Python, R, PowerBI, Tableau, PowerApps, Quickbase, ANSYS, GPROMs, SQL, AutoCad, SolidWorks, or others.  Modelling & Simulation:  Computational Fluid Dynamics, Finite Element Analysis, Discrete Element Methods, Discrete Event Simulations, Process Modelling, Molecular Dynamics or Reaction Kinetics Modelling, Artificial intelligence, Data Modelling, Data Wrangling, Data Visualization, or others.  Strong leadership potential and student leadership experience.  Excellent communication skills and resilience.  Adaptable, with interpersonal savvy and engaged in diverse extracurricular activities.  Demonstrating a growth mindset, agility, integrity, and a vision for the future.  Strong cognitive abilities, willingness to learn, and data pattern recognition.  Driven, curious, and ready to make a positive impact.  Subsidized, fully furnished housing for the Summer (For those who qualify)  Roundtrip travel covered at the beginning and end of the internship  Full-Time conversion opportunities upon graduation  The expected compensation weekly pay ranges for interns is $940 - $1,300.  Compensation rates for Summer Interns is pre-determined and non-negotiable. 
