This position will report to American Water's Delran laboratory as well as Camden HQO.  Hybrid Maintains laboratory safety and QAQC procedures.  Supports experimental design and development of project objectives.  Executes planning and scheduling for water quality research projects.  Prepares samples according to established methods for chemical or microbiological analytes.  Develops and applies methodology for water quality constituents (e.g., organic matter fractions, chemical contaminants, cyanobacteria, etc.) using laboratory and online monitoring equipment, advanced data analytics/statistics and machine learning.  Performs related duties within research studies such as purchasing laboratory supplies, preparing sampling kits and materials for analysis (e.g., organic-free glassware) and manages time, budget and costs as related.  Analyzes and interprets water quality data through a detailed review.  Participates in project progress meetings by preparing written updates that include data visualization related to objectives and associated tasks.  Assists in preparing technical information and major findings of research and innovation projects into clear, comprehensive written weekly or monthly reports.  Contributes to articles in peer-reviewed journals and presentations in national and local conferences.  Keeps abreast of latest trends and happenings in water research.  Similar or related duties to support the research roadmap or business needs/requests may be included.  Good laboratory skills.  Effective teamworking skills.  Technical writing and verbal communication skills.  Development and design of experimental and sampling protocols.  Maintaining, troubleshooting, and conducting performance evaluations of laboratory equipment.  Analysis and interpretation of data.  Visualization and modeling using R, Python, Excel of complex datasets.  Project management.  Time management skills and the ability to prioritize multi-project workloads.  Works independently on water research projects under direction.  Safe laboratory practices and procedures; and quality control techniques.  Theory, principles, practices, methods, chemicals and agents used in chemical, microbiological, and physical analysis and testing of water.  Water chemistry, drinking water treatment processes including organic and inorganic contaminant removal, filtration, oxidation and disinfection.  Laboratory procedures for water sample preparation and analysis; Federal EPA and AWWA/APHA Standard Methods.  Sterile techniques and other contaminant minimization procedures for microbiological assays and organic analysis.  Federal EPA regulations and Safe Drinking Water Act.  Operation and maintenance of applicable advanced and complex laboratory instrumentation and related computer programs and software; Programmable laboratory equipment; Preparation and maintenance of standard laboratory glassware, beakers, flasks, pipettes, etc.  Masters or PhD in environmental science, environmental engineering, chemistry, microbiology, or other relevant area.  2 years of water research experience.  Experience from the candidate’s Masters/PhD thesis and dissertation research will be considered or post-doctoral appointment.  Drinking water supply monitoring (surface and ground water), research laboratory experience with chemistry or microbiology methodology and instrumentation.  Limited travel may include field work onsite (pilot and equipment maintenance) or field sampling.  Visits to local water treatment facilities for learning the business and our locations may be incorporated with project and development goals.  The Scientist will be in a water laboratory and office setting. Depending on the project type and status this may be approximately half time for each. 
