Develop Gen AI models for multiple GPS functions (Global Quality, Product Development, Manufacturing and Supply Chain) to mitigate quality and regulatory risks, improve overall efficiency, accelerate the speed of writing and reviewing records, reduction of lead times and help bring more medicines to more patients faster. Develop capabilities using Gen AI to enable data scientists in BIA GPS be more effective and enhance the user experience and overall speed of providing insights from analytics solutions. Stay abreast of the latest advancements in Gen AI and recommend their application to address business challenges. Develop a close working relationship with BIA data science teams and IT to facilitate and implement best practices relating to Generative AI, machine learning engineering and MLOps. Work cross functionally with all BIA GPS teams, IT and business stakeholders to rapidly pilot and deploy a wide variety of advanced data science models for predictive analytics, machine learning, and other data-driven applications. Authors detailed documentation that describes analytics tool development, assumptions and input data and data processing. Authors user manual for dissemination within stakeholder user base. Acts as subject matter expert of Artificial Intelligence within team and provides technical leadership for driving technology solutions in analytics deployment. Engage a broader community to help educate stakeholders on the practical application of AI to drive business value and widespread adoption. Mentors/coaches junior team members on technical topics. Partner with the Director of Emerging Capabilities to monitor the rapidly evolving AI & ML landscape providing strategic view on novel capabilities that enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of our team in support of continuous BIA evolution and business performance. Ph.D. in engineering, pharmaceutical science, chemistry, biochemistry, physics or other quantitative area of study with 3-5 years of experience. M.S in engineering, pharmaceutical science, chemistry, biochemistry, physics or other quantitative area of study with 5-7 years of experience. B.S. in engineering, pharmaceutical science, chemistry, biochemistry, physics or other quantitative area of study with more than 7 years of experience. Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience working in the area of data science, machine learning, data integration, reporting or deep learning. 1+ years hands-on experience working in the area of Generative AI, Large Language Models (LLM) or Prompt Engineering Experience with cloud-based environments (AWS, Azure, Domino etc.). Significant experience with work information process tools (JIRA, Confluence, ServiceNow, MS suites) and data-related tools (Oracle, Redshift, PostgreSQL, CDP Impala, Athena). Expert level in Python/R, SQL, dbt, and Tableau. Hands on experience with designing and deploying machine learning models using Scikit-Learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc Expert with Github. Excellent communications and presentation skills. Proven ability to explain complex analyses and outcomes to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Ability to architect analytic and data science solutions. Excellent interpersonal, collaborative, team building, and communication skills to ensure effective collaborations within matrix teams. Exceptional project management skills with demonstrated ability to lead multiple projects and priorities. Exceptional analytical skills with substantial knowledge of data analysis & data engineering. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to quickly gain and apply functional area specific knowledge. Ability to learn new tools and skills quickly. Proven ability to lead small teams/groups and manage a heavy workload. Experience working in the pharmaceutical development, manufacturing or supply chain space. Experience interpreting analytical results and ascertaining implications to the business. Experience interacting with business stakeholders understanding, anticipating, and fulfilling their insight/analytical information requirements. Exceptional creative problem-solving skills to answer key business questions. Ability to work with diverse teams across organizational lines and structures.
