Consult on all levels of the analytics lifecycle. Including, but not limited to, data acquisition, KPI creation, predictive analytics, and language modeling. Demonstrate strong business acumen, excellent communication skills and ability to succinctly express your point of view using both written and verbal communications. Identify and build the case for innovation and change in the business. Partner with stakeholders in other functional areas to create end-to-end business solutions (e.g. Customer Excellence & Insights, Sales & Marketing and technology organizations). Techniques include next best action approaches, key driver analyses, statistical/machine learning for patient finding, and large language modeling. Respond to various business questions with data-driven, actionable insights requiring the use of advanced data manipulation, synthesis and visualization techniques. Provide concise analyses that go beyond a presentation of the facts to include a discussion of the associated business implications and recommended course of action. Provide effective leadership to relevant partnerships with contracted organizations. Provide clear requirements to technical and consultant teams and coordinate delivery. Ability to recommend and QA both technical and business requirements. Collaborate with DS&AI hub teams, including data engineering, AI labs, AI products and S&O for larger commercial initiatives. PhD degree in quantitative discipline and 2+ years commercial/pharmaceutical experience, or MS + 5 years of commercial/pharmaceutical experience Strong background in data science, commercial analytics, and/or real-world evidence generation. Fluency in real-world datasets (e.g. claims) and other commercial datasets (e.g. Rx, CRM, HCP affiliation, formulary data) Proficiency in Python, R, and/or SQL. Proficiency in utilization of cloud services. Strong written and verbal communication skills; strong presentation skills. Demonstrated ability to partner with stakeholders and work in a cross-functional team environment as well as experience in managing outside consultants. Highly independent with the ability to develop innovative solutions to complex, unstructured problems. You are passionate about our purpose and genuinely care about our mission to transform the lives of patients through innovative cancer treatment You bring rigor and excellence to all that you do. You are a fierce believer in our rooted-in-science approach to problem-solving You are a generous collaborator who can work in teams with diverse backgrounds You are determined to do and be your best and take pride in enabling the best work of others on the team You are not afraid to grapple with the unknown and be innovative You have experience working in a fast-growing, dynamic company (or a strong desire to) You work hard and are not afraid to have a little fun while you do so
