Create robust, scalable advanced analytics solutions, incl. machine learning (ML) algorithms, and centralized data platforms. Build reusable tools and/or libraries to streamline the data analytics pipeline and sharing knowledge. Delivering Data Science & AI solutions for Clinical Quality, Clinical Feasibility, Enrollment Forecasting, Trial Intelligence etc. Develop data visualizations and/or dashboards utilizing BMS supported tool-of-preference to facilitate delivering impactful insights. Build reusable tools and/or libraries to streamline the data analytics pipeline and sharing knowledge. Stay informed about advancements in pharma forecasting methodologies and tools. Engage key stakeholders to understand their needs and translate them into technical specifications, exploring all modalities of data, assessing new approaches, and building prototypes to advance business use cases and/or deliver business value. Work closely with data scientists and domain experts to ensure compatibility of solutions with other tools/platform/workflows. Engage and collaborate with a diverse team of business stakeholders, analysts, data scientists and IT to translate unstructured, complex business problems into data and information needs and deliver the appropriate data, modeling, and/or analytical solutions. Familiarity with complex data analysis & wrangling approaches, analyze on imputation need, to assess quality and pre-processing needs. Develop ML models, statistical inference to support aggregation of model inputs/assumptions while accounting for uncertainty, statistical explainability of outcome. Deploy solutions into cloud ecosystem, familiarity of MLOPs, striving for seamless integration with existing systems. Collaborate with IT to optimize data pipelines and establish efficient data management practices. Continuously monitor and evaluate the performance of models, including validation of ML models. Identify opportunities to enhance the business impact of models, such as quality and efficiency. Document specifications (e.g., architecture, data flows, algorithms) to ensure transparency and reproducibility. Keep documentation up to date as solutions are optimized or expanded. Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, Engineering, Applied Math, Bio Informatics, Operations Research or equivalent working experience in a highly analytical field. 5+ years of experience working as a Solutions Developer or similar role, preferably in pharma. In-depth experience in statistical analysis, machine learning, and data modeling In-depth experience using programming languages such Python, R, or similar. Demonstrated competence in data & analytics skillsets such as data mining, data visualization, machine learning, code development in python/R, Github, cloud computing platforms like AWS, model governance with MLFlow or equivalent. Experience building data access and visualization tools. Familiarity with modern computer vision, computational linguistic and/or transformer-based natural language processing (NLP), Natural Language Generation (NLG), Large Language Models (LLM) frameworks.  Preferably, experience with pharma R&D or Clinical or Medical domain experience. Deep interest in the drug development and commercialization process. Preferably, experience with pharmaceutical industry analytics incl. data sources, market research, R&D data, or real-world data.  Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to apply different approaches to technical challenges.
