Create robust, scalable forecasting models, incl. machine learning (ML) algorithms, and centralized data platforms. Model factors such as epidemiology, patient flow, competitive dynamics, pricing trends and loss of exclusivity. Stay informed about advancements in pharma forecasting methodologies and tools. Engage key stakeholders to understand their needs and translate them into technical specifications. Work closely with data scientists and domain experts to ensure compatibility of forecasting solutions with other tools. Collaborate with the DS/AI Strategy and Process Design Lead to develop solution overviews. Collaborate with domain leads in the DS/AI Portfolio & Development team on select projects beyond forecasting. Work with IT as needed on data management related to forecasting platforms and AI solutions. Analyze forecast input data (incl. sales, epidemiology, competition) to assess quality and pre-processing needs. Develop ML models to support aggregation of forecasting assumptions while accounting for uncertainty. Deploy forecasting solutions, striving for seamless integration with existing systems. Collaborate with IT to optimize data pipelines and establish efficient data management practices. Continuously monitor and evaluate the performance of forecasting models, including validation of ML models. Identify opportunities to enhance the business impact of forecasting models, such as quality and efficiency. Document specifications (e.g., architecture, data flows, algorithms) to ensure transparency and reproducibility. Keep documentation up to date as solutions are optimized or expanded. Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Math, Bio Informatics, Operations Research or equivalent working experience in a highly analytical field 3+ years of experience working as a Solutions Developer or similar role, preferably in pharma In-depth experience in statistical analysis, machine learning, and data modeling In-depth experience using programming languages such Python, R, or similar Experience with spreadsheet models including Excel VBA, and preferably PyXLL Experience with data manipulation, analysis, and querying using SQL or similar Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS Preferably, experience with pharma forecasting techniques such as demand vs epi-based, baselining, event modeling Preferably, experience with time series analysis and simulation Preferably, experience with off-the-shelf forecasting platforms Deep interest in the drug development and commercialization process Preferably, experience with pharmaceutical industry analytics incl. data sources, market research, sales data, or real-world data Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to apply different approaches to technical challenges
