Provide support to the Consultants teams by providing periodic benefits and cost analysis of our existing clients’ health and welfare plans with primary focus on medical, pharmacy, dental, life and disability on predominately Fully Insured Accounts. Maintenance of an assigned book of business  Perform financial analysis for all coverages, examining both overall cost and benefit structures, various plan design and contribution modeling on predominately Fully Insured accounts.  Develop budget forecasting followed by detailed recommendations and corrective action steps for existing Fully Insured Accounts clients. Ability to compare to a Fully Insured to a Self-funded model for comparative purposes with the guidance of the Data Team manager. Knowledge of the carrier claims reporting process as it relates to content and accuracy. Ability to manage both internal and external client deadlines by using the Data Project Request Tool. Ability to develop custom financial modelling at the client’s request and/or the ability to incorporate a “non standard “ request using our existing tools Attend client meetings/conference calls at the request of the Consultant.  Work with Data Team Manager and Consultant teams to analyze and negotiate Fully Insured rate renewals. Prepare recommendations and presentations to support the RFQ/RFP process for renewal business.  Provide support our cost modeling projects using the Data Analytics tools available including BeneFuture/Apex, Beneview and the various Data Warehouse utilities in place today. Identify process improvements when possible  Remain current on industry trends and information, new product information, legislation, regulatory requirements, coverage’s, compliance and technology; communicate changes and address issues with clients on a proactive basis.  Projects and assignments essential to the day to day operations of the employee benefits division as needed. Other duties as assigned.  Bachelor’s degree and/or equivalent business experience required. Minimum three to five (3-5) plus years’ experience working in the Broker/Consulting Analytics field; preferably in an underwriting and/or consulting role. Strong working knowledge in plan design, funding, underwriting, and related compliance issues impacting health and welfare plans. Experience in plan cost analysis, claim analysis and reconciliation and evaluation of financials.  Demonstrated knowledge of both self-insured and fully insured plans and both private and public sector clients. Strong written and verbal communication skills, presentation skills, critical thinking and problem solving skills.  Ability to make verbal in person presentations to internal staff and prospects/clients. Ability to work independently on projects and in a consultative team environment. Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel including financial modeling and underwriting analysis.  Proficiency in the Microsoft Office products including PowerPoint, Access and Word.  Authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis without Company sponsorship.
