Perform User Acceptance Testing of the Functional Requirements of the payment system, filtering system and other systems used by the PCS team. Create Business Requirement Documents on system enhancements. Support in the UAT governance for major releases : UAT Test Plans, UAT Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test Scripts, and traceability matrix. Work closely with the testers and SME’s to coordinate all testing needs (environments, reports, partner systems). Support the team with project management, system migrations, enhancements, and bug fixes. Ensure adherence to all external regulatory and internal policy guidelines as dictated by the position. Must Have: UAT OR USER ACCEPTANCE TESTING AND AHC OR SWIFT OR WIRE OR AUTOMATED CLEARING HOUSE. 3 -5 years of relevant experience with a focus around IT analysis and testing. Bachelor’s degree in Data Analytics, Information Technology and/or Computer Science. Previous relevant experience in a banking application testing environment, preferable payment applications. Test preparation and execution experience. Strong problem solving and good analytical skills (defect analysis and reporting). Strong attention to detail. Ability to interpret large set of data and draw patterns using tools preferably advance MS excel. Track record of successful project completion working in a team. Good knowledge of software development lifecycle and defect resolution processes in particular. Ability to multi-task and test different applications relating to a release. Good time management skills and the ability to work to tight deadlines. 3-5 years of UAT experience. 1-3 Years of  experience in corporate banking environment. Test Preparation and Execution experience. Extensive knowledge of MS Excel & MS Word. Proficiency with reporting tools Business Object & Tableau dashboard. Basic knowledge of database (SQL). Expertise in Excel formulas & functions. Analytical skills in data manipulation & validation. Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
