Works closely with others to gain strong understanding of insurance concepts such as financial P&Ls, expense ratios, rate level indications, loss ratio trends, and marketing funnel metrics and to get familiar with internal workflows (i.e. underwriting, sales and claims handling). Identify creative reporting solutions, including ad-hoc analysis that facilitates effective measurement of operational effectiveness. Upgrade existing reports to increase efficiency of distribution, reduce redundancy across reports and to improve ease of presentation.  Collaborate with other analytical teams throughout the enterprise to review insights from recent analytical exercises.  Effectively uses available front end reporting tools, data systems and information gathered from different areas throughout the company to analyze business issues. Communicate results to management.  Work with large databases from Production Data warehouse. Collaborate with data teams to leverage tools and techniques developed for effective data extraction, transformation and loading (ETL). Build automated reporting and analytical tools, which includes a) queries that extract and summarize data from our data warehouse and b) procedures that integrate this data into dynamic workbooks allowing for multiple levels of analysis. Acts as a liaison between the Business Intelligence team and other departments within the Direct Group. Demonstrated problem solving experience gained through related coursework and work experience. BA/BS degree in quantitative field of study. Property and Casualty Insurance experience preferred.  Analytical problem solver with a high level of intellectual curiosity and attention to detail. Prior Product or Actuarial experience desired.  Strong programming/query experience in SQL Server and Tableau report building. Proficient with all Microsoft Office products. Three or more years of experience with relational database tools and concepts.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Collaborative nature, but also has the ability to work independently and efficiently on a high volume of tasks.
