Acts as the analytic lead for complex clinical analytics projects involving multiple data resources and teams to inform business decisions in clinical, network, value-based payment models, and employer engagement.  Understands the strategic direction of the organization and the analytic and reporting requirements to meet departmental needs. Translates business questions and needs into analytics technical requirements including data analytics design, clinical and data specifications, and reporting format.  Leads the design and extraction of data from multiple sources. Creates integrated analytic datasets. Performs analytics and summarizes findings to inform business opportunities and address business questions.  SHIFT: Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. | There is flexibility here if they need to start their days a little earlier or later  High School Diploma/GED required  7+ years of experience in Data Analytics, Informatics, Medical Economics, or other relevant work experience  7+ years of experience performing analysis on large healthcare administrative claims data, EHR/EMR data, or complex relational health care databases with significant experience analyzing medical, pharmacy, and behavioral health claims data  7+ years of hands-on programming experience using SAS  Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Math, Statistics, Data Science, Economics, Epidemiology, Public Health, or related field  Prefers knowledge and working experience of visualization and BI tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI.) with preference given to Tableau experience.  Prefers hands-on experience of clinical episode groupers and analytics, preferably with Optum’s Symmetry Suite of Services (Impact Intelligence, ImpactPro, ETG, ERG, PEG, EBM, PRG, etc.) or PROMETHEUS.  Prefers knowledge and direct experience of Milliman’s analytics tools such as MedInsight Health Cost Guidelines  Medical, dental and vision plans  401K with 3% company match (fully vested after 3 years)  Horizon BCBSNJ will also contribute an additional 4% into an employee’s Savings and Investment Plan as “Horizon BCBSNJ Retirement Contributions” (HRCs)  Tuition Reimbursement  19 Days of PTO (Starting Jan. 1st) | PTO is pro-rated depending on when they start in the year  11 paid holidays 
