Become a part of the core team focused on SEO growth for the company – a company-level objective. Own the metric development for the SEO space, partnering with cross-functional members to ensure clear and actionable insights. Design and run SEO experiments leveraging advanced statistical methodologies, including causal inference. Be the Data science thought leader for the cross-functional working group and provide evidenced-based guidance. Provide actionable insights and recommendations to improve our SEO performance by leveraging your deep expertise in the SEO and Data Science fields. Co-own the strategy, prioritization, and roadmap for SEO growth at the company. Collaborate directly with Marketing, Growth, and Engineering teams. Apply machine learning to identify the most critical web architecture components that drive beneficial SEO growth. Recruit, guide, and mentor junior and mid-level Data Scientists to create a best-in-class Data Science organization. Collaborate with other Data Scientists to continue to enhance the methodologies and practices used across the team that leverage the newest technological developments in the industry. Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. Is inspired by our MOVE principles, which are the blueprint for how things get done at Grammarly: move fast and learn faster, obsess about creating customer value, value impact over activity, and embrace healthy disagreement rooted in trust. Is able to collaborate in person 3 weeks per quarter, traveling if necessary to the hub where the team is based. Holds a PhD or master’s degree in a quantitative field. Has 8+ years of relevant work experience with a proven track record of applying data science methods within the SEO domain. Is fluent in SQL with strong data exploration and manipulation skills. Is proficient in Python, R, or similar programming language. Has an understanding of causal inference methods and their application and ability to apply machine learning techniques when necessary. Has firm knowledge of experiment design and A/B and MVT testing. Is comfortable working with clickstream and web event-related data. Has a self-starting growth mindset and strong communication skills, translating technical insights into impactful business recommendations. Is a creative problem-solver who simplifies problems to their core elements. Professional growth: We believe that autonomy and trust are key to empowering our team members to do their best, most innovative work in a way that aligns with their interests, talents, and well-being. We support professional development and advancement with training, coaching, and regular feedback. A connected team: Grammarly builds a product that helps people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. Our remote-first hybrid model enables a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER (ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable) values. We work to foster belonging among team members in a variety of ways. This includes our employee resource groups, Grammarly Circles, which promote connection among those with shared identities, such as BIPOC and LGBTQIA+ team members, women, and parents. We also celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific programs.  Excellent health care (including a wide range of medical, dental, vision, mental health, and fertility benefits) Disability and life insurance options 401(k) and RRSP matching  Paid parental leave Twenty days of paid time off per year, eleven days of paid holidays per year, and unlimited sick days  Home office stipends Caregiver and pet care stipends Wellness stipends Admission discounts Learning and development opportunities
