Lead testing and measurement efforts for our key online marketing channels, especially paid searches, such as Google and Bing. Develop cross-channel measurement models such as MediaMixModeling to optimize budget allocation.  Collaborate with Engineering and Marketing teams to drive LTV bidding optimizations and their impact measurement for our digital marketing channels. Measure the effectiveness of Individual Marketing channels and Cross-Channels by building/leveraging different attribution models and experimentation methods. Devise a solution to inform marketing strategy and drive measurement in a cookieless world. Analyze the impact of our overall marketing budget to understand its full-funnel impact and how it influences Grammarly for Business conversions. Run elasticity analysis to drive discussions and identify opportunities for spending re-allocation across countries. Conduct deep-dive analyses into marketing channel performance and user behavior. Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. Is inspired by our MOVE principles, which are the blueprint for how things get done at Grammarly: move fast and learn faster, obsess about creating customer value, value impact over activity, and embrace healthy disagreement rooted in trust. Is able to collaborate in person 3 weeks per quarter, traveling if necessary to the hub where the team is based. Has 8+ years of relevant work experience. Has experience as an influential and effective thought partner to marketing teams.  Demonstrates strong communication, proactiveness, creativity, and prioritization skills. Has strong analytical and critical thinking skills and a strong bias toward actionable insights. Has the ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Has practical experience in data analysis, statistics, and marketing measurement. Is proficient in SQL, Python, R, Scala, or an equivalent language. Professional growth: We believe that autonomy and trust are key to empowering our team members to do their best, most innovative work in a way that aligns with their interests, talents, and well-being. We also support professional development and advancement with training, coaching, and regular feedback. A connected team: Grammarly builds a product that helps people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. Our remote-first hybrid model enables a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER (ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable) values. We work to foster belonging among team members in a variety of ways. This includes our employee resource groups, Grammarly Circles, which promote connection among those with shared identities including BIPOC and LGBTQIA+ team members, women, and parents. We also celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific programs. Excellent health care (including a wide range of medical, dental, vision, mental health, and fertility benefits) Disability and life insurance options 401(k) and RRSP matching  Paid parental leave Twenty days of paid time off per year, eleven days of paid holidays per year, and unlimited sick days  Home office stipends Caregiver and pet care stipends Wellness stipends Admission discounts Learning and development opportunities
