Analyze healthcare data, run descriptive statistics, generate prior distributions, explore relationships: Correlation, covariance, causality, structural equation modeling, and build Bayesian Influence diagrams. Develop predictive models with Deep Learning networks, Gradient Boosting, Random Forest, SVM, LDA, decision tree, and logistic regression using both generative and discriminative algorithms. Sub-group analysis: clustering, agglomerative clustering, graph-based clustering, and PCA analysis. Define and develop features, selections (Ridge/Lasso), and ranking. Standardize nominal, categorical, and numerical data to ensure data integrity. Develop algorithms in order to achieve the desired health outcomes, and improved health behavior in Big data environment SPARK and SCALA. Partner with scientists and business leaders to collect and organize healthcare data, and generate insights for thought leadership. Work with project leaders to roll out algorithms and build dashboards to visualize near real-time insights for targeted audience including scientists and commercial partners. Ph.D. with a minimum of three years of relevant experience within industry is required. A focus in behavior change, social psychology, other public health-related fields, or equivalent focus in biomedical informatics as applied to health behavior is preferred. Experience in the analysis of behavior science and/or population-based interventions to support healthcare and health outcomes is required. Experience in developing and deploying technology-based behavior change solutions is preferred. A passion for excellence and exceeding customer expectations is required. Excellent internal and external customer facing skills are required. Active listening skills, strong business acumen, and strong organizational skills are required. Excellent oral and interpersonal communication skills are required. An understanding of and ability to apply research and program evaluation methodology is required. Experience working with cross-functional project teams is required. Professional scholarly activity (e.g. conference presentations, peer-reviewed publications) is required. An understanding of and ability to apply data science methodologies is required. Experience with ontologies is preferred.
