 Collaborate with business partners and peers within the organization to understand and scope the problem, gather business requirements, and develop robust model monitoring solutions that drive improvement and accuracy in key business metrics.   Execute monitoring activities for existing data science models, as well as exploratory data analysis, data preprocessing, model development, and model deployment where necessary.   Ability to synthesize data, to uncover inherent trends in data, to assess impact of data on business usage, and to make recommendations for improvement.   Research, recommend, and implement statistical and other mathematical methodologies appropriate for the given business problem.   Create/Maintain excellent working relationships with business partners across the Chubb organization including Product, Actuarial, IT, and analytics peer groups.   Provide supporting documentation for the models developed including documentation of methodologies used, data issues encountered, and responses to regulatory requests.   Hands on experience utilizing both supervised and unsupervised ML algorithms.   Excellent understanding of data mining, predictive modeling, and data visualization.   Significant programming experience in Python or other scripting languages.   Significant programming experience in SQL.   Working knowledge/familiarity with Git version control.   Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences in written, oral and presentation formats.   The ability to multi-task, learn new things quickly, and demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills.   Experience in architecting and consuming APIs at scale.   Advanced knowledge of model tuning, evaluation, and operationalization.   Prior experience in insurance.   Experience with Deep Learning libraries (Tensorflow / Keras, PyTorch, MXNet, etc.).   Experience with Text Analytics and Natural Language Processing.   Prior exposure to auto-ML platforms or technologies like H2O or DataRobot.   Hands-on experience with big data technologies and cloud (Databricks / Spark, Azure/AWS/GCP).   Comfortable with command line (Linux, Windows) scripting.   Experience with at least one other programming language aside from Python or R, like Julia, Scala, Go, Java, or C ++ .   Prior exposure to NoSQL databases. 
