Develop novel solutions to market-driven problems using your knowledge of the latest AI/ML/NLP techniques, rigorous statistical analysis, and practical experience on previous data science projects. Maintain existing analytic products and support Sales and Implementation teams in their use Serve as a Subject Matter Expert on data, analytics and AI models within the Sales and Marketing, Supply Chain Management, Compliance, Risk and other lines of business consulting with business and product groups, on modeling and analytic solutions. Help build new data science capabilities. Guide and mentor junior analysts. Enjoy and share academic literature, technical developments, and industry best practices. Identify business relevance of new methods and work with cross functional teams to create prototypes, assist in creating business cases. Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders (external customers, other D&B data scientists, sales team members, business unit product leaders and development teams) to understand business needs and technical requirements through direct, external consultative customer engagements as well as proof-of-concept implementations for products. Participate and support other teams, as needed, for all aspects of model development, including design, model implementation, validation, calibration, documentation, product implementation, monitoring, and reporting. Derive actionable insights from unconventional big data, using a variety of analytic techniques to identify impact on use cases and assess incremental value (in terms of lift in predictive power). Research complex business issues and recommend solutions, including customer data input requirements, other required data sets, and best modeling approaches. Master's degree in a quantitative / applied field (Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Operations Research, Mathematics, Statistics, Econometrics).  Experience with programming and modeling using Python, PySpark, Scala. Experience collaborating, including the ability to build and maintain relationships with internal and external stakeholders/clients, and being disciplined in delivery of initiatives. Proficient SQL skills and experience working with large data sets (big data, IoT data). Experience applying current machine learning techniques Knowledge of evolving data science concepts and best practices Experience communicating complex ideas to both a technical and non-technical audience. Creative and inquisitive in nature. Thrives on change Flexibility to master and apply new analytic tools. Notice to Applicants: Please be advised that this job posting page is hosted and powered by Lever. Your use of this page is subject to Lever's Privacy Notice and Cookie Policy, which governs the processing of visitor data on this platform.
