Support the Strategic Data Team on one or more projects, which include a variety of collaborations throughout the company across the bank.  Write query to filter data or to join multiple data sets Perform predictive analytics and develop machine learning models to generate insights from disparate and complex data sources.  Read and/or create data tables within our Snowflake data warehouse environment Design rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to business stakeholders Communicate findings to business partners Comply with all regulations pertaining to BSA, USA Patriot Act and OFAC. Complete annual BSA training. Report suspicions of criminal activity, or any attempt to avoid BSA reporting requirements on the part of customers or employees, to the AML/BSA Compliance Department.  Blend data sets for identification of features to use for Machine Learning algorithms utilizing Trifacta to data wrangle Work with data in Snowflake using SQL queries and commands Research new opportunities for data acquisition and new uses for existing data.  Maintains relationships with business users and software engineers.  Performs other job duties as deemed necessary by supervisor.  Support your manager in performing research and/or analysis on specific topics.  Independently complete tasks that contribute to larger projects relevant to the assigned department.  Participate in meetings and team discussions to gain insight and contribute to the team's goals or projects.  Communicate with team members and other departments to coordinate work, gather information and develop final work products.  Join team building activities to establish cross functional relationships within the Valley community.  Participate in VIP Mentorship Program meetings with your mentor to enhance your business acumen, network with senior leaders and develop technical and professional skills.  Document and report on progress and results of projects and tasks.  Attend professional development sessions/classes.  Participate in VIP (Valley Intern Program) hosted events,trainings and projects including Valley Week of Service, Culture Workshops and final project presentations.  Complete other related duties as assigned by the respective manager.  Follow Company policies and procedures.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Excellent organizational and time management skills.  Strong analytical and conceptual thinking.  Motivated self-starter.  Ability to work independently and as part of a team.  Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite ( Word, Excel, PowerPoint).  Rising sophomore, junior, senior or graduate student.  Currently enrolled in a College or University program. 
