Work Hybrid schedule in Jersey City, NJ Headquarter's Offices 2-3 days per week. Use existing tools to review and analyze data contributed by insurance companies for trends, anomalies, emerging patterns, and data quality issues. Develop efficient ways to improve data quality and error detection processes within the scope of one or more lines of business. Work with our industry data partners to ensure the accuracy of our insurance-industry-experience database. Provide suggestions for improvements in data review procedures and proto-type targeted data marts for effective analysis and communication of data patterns. Collaborate with other ISO divisions (actuarial, analytical, and technology) to ensure widespread access to and understanding of our core data assets. Develop in-depth understanding of insurance coverages, actuarial methodologies, analytic models, and information quality control. Execute data engineering projects ranging from small to large either individually or as part of a project team Adopt an agile framework to schedule work, adjust as needed and continuously improve performance. Perform other duties as assigned.  Bachelor's degree in a STEM major or with STEM coursework learned in associated majors (Actuarial Science, Computer Science, Data Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Economics). A strong desire to drive societal change using data, technology, and analytics. Clear and concise communication skills, both verbal and written. Ability to work independently and as part of a team while managing several concurrent projects. Knowledge of MS Office and SQL is a MUST for day to day work. Experience with a general purpose (C++, JAVA) or analytical (R, Python) programming language is required. A self-starter with a commitment to innovation and pro-active problem solving that has demonstrated intellectual curiosity, creativity, and adaptability. Work/internship experience in property/casualty insurance preferred. Prior work/internship experience in a data-centric department. Knowledge of data management principles.
