Produces complex predictive models enabling the creation of rating plans and evaluation of risk and profitability. Identifies drivers of insurance costs, understanding the economics of customers’ behavior and estimating the expected losses for segments of risks using advanced statistical and analytical techniques on large data sets. Develops studies that evaluate new business models for customer retention and growth initiatives as well as estimate the lifetime value of customer segments. Participates in the development of the overall analytical framework to support the company’s strategy for growth Takes active role in innovation Mentors junior members of the team Communicates analysis, strategy and recommendations to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical. Collaborates with upper management to assess the potential effects of proposed solutions and incorporates these considerations into recommendations. Advanced skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees, Non Parametric estimations, etc.). Ability to apply various predictive modeling techniques to develop solutions to various real-world problems. Hands-on experience developing and delivering structured, methodology projects. Exceptional programming ability in SAS, SQL, R, Python or other programming languages. Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills. In-depth understanding of database principles and experience working with large databases. Ability to influence and guide across departmental boundaries. 3 or more years of experience developing and implementing multivariate predictive models using GLM and other statistical methods. PhD in economics, statistics, or related field required. Or in the alternative, a Master’s degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field (foreign educational equivalent accepted) and five (5) years of experience as indicated above. High level of organizational and project management experience handling multiple projects simultaneously.
