During this internship, you will investigate essential hybrid large language models (LLM) and knowledge graph algorithms designed for static and time-series data. The aim is to create step-by-step instructions that can assist industry 4.0 service engineers in resolving technical issues for customers. The project will specifically center on modeling and prototyping new techniques, employing the latest approaches to large language model (LLM)-based knowledge extraction from unstructured data, encompassing documents, text, and images. You will investigate and apply algorithms such as deep neural networks in the shape of natural language processing (NLP) transformers, knowledge model-building techniques like graph embeddings, automatic topic modeling, unsupervised clustering methods, and hybrid neural-symbolic learning methods.  Knowledge of machine learning and/or natural language processing, such as large language models (LLMs) and their application to real-world problems.  Affinity with building web applications and loves to code in Python and/or Java/JavaScript. Strong ability to work within teams with excellent interpersonal skills and written/verbal communication skills. Some experience with creating practical data analytics and/or machine learning applications. Disclaimer: Benefits do not apply to student, intern, or Co-op positions. Specific terms and conditions for internships and co-op programs will be outlined separately.  One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere   Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg   Workplace Pride Global Benchmark  Pension Plan - Cash Account Program Medical and dental coverage Short term disability and long-term disability Life insurance and AD&D – Company paid 2 x base pay Supplemental life and AD&D insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child) Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits Savings/401(k) Plan Paid time off for holidays and vacation Employee Stock Purchase Plan Tuition Assistance Plan Adoption assistance Employee Assistance Program/Work Life Resource Program Voluntary benefits including vision, legal, auto & home Insurance, pet insurance, Identity Theft Protection Services, and Health Advisory Services” Nokia Perks At Work
