Manage market research projects for in-line and pipeline brands for US and/or Canada launch, including message testing, payer/pricing research, physician ATUs, patient ATUs, physician segmentation, patient segmentation, demand research, and patient journey research.  Conduct data analysis and generate insight on launched products to report on performance and guide management and the field. Contribute insights to launch strategies and overall commercialization efforts on in-line and pipeline brands to meet or exceed launch plan objectives. Provide pipeline and in-line product forecasts.  Contribute and/or run projects related to competitive landscape, and possibly sales force sizing, sales force IC design, and ROI analyses of sales and marketing efforts.  Conduct other analysis as needed. Rare disease and CNS experience is a plus.  Manage vendors with an eye towards bottom-line Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma America profitability. Impeccable professionalism, communication skills, organization skills, and ability to manage multiple projects and priorities simultaneously and to adhere to tight timelines and ensure deadlines are met with high quality output.  Work with cross functional teams (Marketing, Sales, Market Access, Finance, Medical Affairs, Clinical, and Regulatory) to create effective, positive partnerships with peers and key internal/ external stakeholders and ensure alignment of business needs and objectives.  Bachelor's degree required. Master’s preferred  Minimum of 5 years of experience, with strong knowledge of pharmaceutical industry commercial analytics and market research, preferably with 3-5 years in a role with market research, data analysis, modeling, and competitive monitoring.  Knowledge of market research methods and practices.  Experience with pharmaceutical industry launches, preferably with dynamics related to rare diseases and the Neurology/CNS market. Experience with IQVIA and other industry-standard data.  Leads by example, displaying integrity, collaboration, accessibility, adaptability, sound judgment/decision making, and an entrepreneurial, solutions-oriented attitude. Demonstrates responsiveness, attention to detail, and follow-through coupled with ability to prioritize/multi-task effectively. The ability to synthesize complex information, distill critical insights to inform commercial strategies, and then translate to tactical level. Excellent written/verbal communication and presentation skills. Highly proficient in MS Office; skilled at and interested in developing pharmaceutical product forecast models and quantitative analyses. Working knowledge and understanding of the Pharma industry, broad therapeutic areas/disease states, drugs/treatments, and related regulatory, commercialization and compliance requirements. Must be able to travel 20% domestically and internationally for business and project meetings as require.
