Develop and maintain robust code pipelines for textual data annotation, encompassing various levels such as lexicon-based and phrase-based annotation. Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including NLP researchers and software engineers, to integrate data annotation pipelines into the overall data processing framework. Design and implement data labeling rules based on lexicon groups using weak-supervision techniques, ensuring high- quality and consistent annotation outputs. Review and curate annotated data to maintain accuracy and relevance, addressing potential ambiguities and inconsistencies. Compute, analyze and present performance statistics, including precision, recall, F1 score, and other relevant metrics, to evaluate the effectiveness of the annotated pipelines. Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand their needs and goals, and translate technical findings to actionable insights that drive informed decision-making. Work closely with machine learning engineers to incorporate labeled data into model training and fine-tuning processes. Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in NLP, data annotation techniques, and performance evaluation methodologies, and apply this knowledge to enhance annotation process. Document and communicate annotation pipelines, methodologies, and findings clearly to both technical and non-technical audience. Performing analysis to assess the quality and meaning of data. Build ETL pipelines and automate data ingestion, transformation and storage.  Master's in Computer Science, Data Science, Computational Linguistics, or a related field. Proven experience (5+ years) in NLP, data annotation and performance evaluation, preferably in an industry setting. Strong proficiency in programming languages such as Python and experience with relevant libraries (NLTK, spaCy, scikit-learn, etc.). Familiarity with developing and maintaining data pipelines, version control systems and continuous integration tools. Solid understanding of various NLP tasks, including sentiment analysis, entity recognition, text classification, etc. Experience with statistical analysis and visualization tools (e.g., pandas, matplotlib, seaborn) to present performance metrics. Excellent problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously. Effective communication skills to convey complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Strong collaboration skills and ability to work with cross-functional teams. Knowledge of machine learning concepts and techniques is a plus. Experience with dashboarding tools like Power BI and Tableau. Attention to detail ensuring accuracy in data and recognizing anomalies or errors in data.
