Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or MBA with 12 - 15+ yrs. of experience or a Bachelor’s degree with a minimum of 20 yrs. Experience Proven track record of at least 10 years in MDM leadership roles within a global organization, preferably in the CPG industry. Strong understanding of material/product and customer data management processes. Experience with MDM tools and technologies. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams. Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities. Leadership qualities, including the ability to inspire and motivate teams. Lead large Ongoing MDM Service teams globally across 4 regions (NA, Europe, APAC and LatAm) for CPG Business Segments Build, lead, and mentor a high-performing MDM team, providing guidance and fostering a culture of excellence. Define the vision for MDM Service operations and drive continuous improvement initiatives. Provide direction to drive operational excellence for creation and maintenance of master data for Product and Customer domains through timeliness, accuracy, right-first-time and quality-of-service KPIs Establish MDM Service Governance to engage and collaborate with global/regional Segment functional stakeholders to gain continuous support for ongoing data improvements as well as identify business priorities to support. Set clear performance expectations, conduct regular performance evaluations, and identify opportunities for professional growth. Implement and enforce data governance policies, standards, and best practices to ensure data quality, security, and compliance in partnership with Data Councils. Create and maintain data stewardship programmes to involve business users in data quality initiatives. Develop and lead culture of value creation powered by master data through continuous improvements, automation, and standardization to improve the overall quality of service. Drive cultural change within the organization to promote data-centric decision-making and data-driven processes. Lead change management efforts to ensure the successful adoption of MDM practices across departments. Define key performance indicators (KPIs) and metrics to measure the effectiveness and impact of MDM initiatives. Regularly report on MDM program performance to senior leadership. Work with over 130,000 diverse and talented Associates, all guided by the Five Principles. Join a purpose driven company, where we’re striving to build the world we want tomorrow, today. Best-in-class learning and development support from day one, including access to our in-house Mars University. An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including company bonus.
