Lead the delivery of commercial lines rating projects across lines of business, providing technical leadership to analytics direct reports and closely partnering with pricing actuaries on broader rating plan updates. Ensures technical excellence in rating delivery and alignment with business strategy. Instill appropriate combination of analytical expertise and subject matter expertise in refining rating plan structure. Consider internal and external data, competitor plans, internal product expertise and market signals in the pricing process. Leads and directs rating plan reviews across product portfolio. Implement actuarial rating plan standards, best practices, and guidelines. Develop appropriate governance of these standards (e.g., rating challenge/audit and peer review, compliance, and documentation, etc.). Work with actuarial line of business communities of practice to develop rating plan improvement strategies, including standard tools and platforms. Coordinate all rating externalization efforts, providing rating as a service to underwriting platforms. Instill continuous improvement culture for software and operational models for rating implementation, being knowledgeable of available platform, rating engine, and rules engine alternatives. Collaborate with various stakeholders including IT, Product Services, and Business Analysts to update, maintain, and document the implementation of our rating algorithms. Coordinate with IT on budget, requirements, and project prioritization. Work with business unit actuaries to provide documentation for actuarial rate filings as needed. BS Degree or higher in Mathematics, Actuarial Science, Statistics, Finance, or a related field. 10+ years of commercial lines actuarial technical pricing, modeling, and data science expertise with expert knowledge of an extensive range of commercial insurance products Credentialed actuary; FCAS preferred. Proficiency in Excel and other programming languages and tools, such as SQL / R / Python / FOCUS / RADAR along with a keenness for data (collection, manipulation, report design, sensibility checks, and attention to detail) and IT systems implementation. Experienced with usage of Git version control and implementing coding best practices. Prior managerial or supervisory experience with capability to develop team members for success and enforce accountability. Pro-active agent of change with excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong organizational skills: ability to prioritize multiple competing deliverables and manage time effectively to meet scheduled due dates. Strong collaboration skills: ability to work closely with other disciplines and influence outcomes. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; ability to provide clear and concise verbal and written communications regarding analyses and observations to non-actuarial business partners and leaders. Desire to work in a fast-paced, fluid environment.
