Position title: AI Research Scientist Intern

Company: Flagship Pioneering


        At Flagship Pioneering, we conceive, create, resource, and develop first-in-category life sciences companies to transform human health and sustainability. We’ve created over 100 scientific ventures, including the now familiar drug and vaccine innovator, Moderna Therapeutics.Since its inception in 2000, many of our companies have leveraging advances in computing, big data, and AI. In recent years, this trend has accelerated with first-in-category life science companies such as Generate Biomedicines, Cellarity, Valo and many others that are creating breakthrough innovations using AI and ML technologies.We are looking for extraordinary computational scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs to work alongside individuals within the Flagship Ecosystem focused on solving the most impactful challenges in AI and the life sciences.Position Summary:Our 2024 Summer AI Research Scientist Interns will work on fundamental problems in machine learning and their application to biological problems. They will work closely with an interdisciplinary team of ML scientists to design and implement novel ML tools with biological impact and evaluate their strengths and limitations. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a fast-paced, highly dynamic entrepreneurial environment.Key Responsibilities:Work with an interdisciplinary team of scientists to conduct fundamental research at the intersection of ML and biologyDevelop clear, intuitive visualizations. Communicate analysis results via presentations to a multi-disciplinary audience. Cultivate a data-centric and process-oriented company philosophy by following and maintaining best practices for software development, data management, and infrastructure. Basic Requirements:Current master’s degree or PhD student in computer science or machine learning, or in a related field with experience with ML research and applicationsFluency in Python and standard ML tools and packages. Attention to detail and ability to produce clean, well-documented code. Familiarity with Git. Motivated and team oriented, with an ability to thrive in an entrepreneurial and multidisciplinary environment. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Must be able to think independently and work collaboratively. Preferred Requirements:Familiarity with AWS, GCP, or similar cloud-computing services. About FlagshipFlagship Pioneering is a biotechnology company that invents and builds platform companies, each with the potential for multiple products that transform human health or sustainability. Since its launch in 2000, Flagship has originated and fostered more than 100 scientific ventures, resulting in more than $90 billion in aggregate value. Many of the companies Flagship has founded have addressed humanity’s most urgent challenges: vaccinating billions of people against COVID-19, curing intractable diseases, improving human health, preempting illness, and feeding the world by improving the resiliency and sustainability of agriculture. Flagship has been recognized twice on FORTUNE’s “Change the World” list, an annual ranking of companies that have made a positive social and environmental impact through activities that are part of their core business strategies, and has been twice named to Fast Company’s annual list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies. Learn more about Flagship at www.flagshippioneering.com.Flagship Pioneering and our ecosystem companies are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.At Flagship, we recognize there is no perfect candidate. If you have some of the experience listed above but not all, please apply anyway. Experience comes in many forms, skills are transferable, and passion goes a long way. We are dedicated to building diverse and inclusive teams and look forward to learning more about your unique background.Recruitment & Staffing Agencies: Flagship Pioneering and its affiliated Flagship Lab companies (collectively, “FSP”) do not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to FSP or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Flagship Pioneering’s internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of FSP, and FSP will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ai-research-scientist-intern-at-flagship-pioneering-3815558201?refId=AJjMIygp5TozPRyZxxj8Qw%3D%3D&trackingId=BMPSR1c07EJi3kv0P8gfew%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card