Position title: Data Scientist

Company: Zelis


OverviewThe Network Analytics and Healthcare Insights team is looking for a Data Scientist who will collaborate with our data intelligence, engineering, operations and product teams to collect, analyze, and derive insights from large company, client and publicly available healthcare provider demographic, claims and rates datasets. The ideal candidate will have experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, and data tools, building and implementing models, supervised and unsupervised learning, NLP, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of internal and external stakeholders and functional teams.Essential Duties And Qualifications3+ years of relevant work experience including 3+ year of statistical modeling and data mining using large and complex datasets. Experience with healthcare and/or insurance data is a plus.Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.Experience in statistical modeling techniques such as linear regression, logistic regression, cluster analysis, feature reduction etc.Experience with fuzzy-logic matching algorithms used for matching records across disparate data sources.The candidate must have exceptionally strong data cleansing, organizing, analyzing, and visualization skills. Experience with BI tools like Tableau and/or Power BI a plus.Experience working with cloud analytic platforms on AWS, Azure, Google Cloud using PySpark, Sagemaker, Snowflake, Azure Synapse Analytics, etc.Aptitude in performing multiple tasks and dealing with changing deadline requirements. This includes knowing when to escalate issues. Maintains a focused, flexible, organized, and proactive manner.A candidate with a Masters-level degree in Statistics, Data Science or equivalent is a plusExperience in data modeling, ETL concepts is a plus.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Sedentary work - Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally, and/or a negligible amount of force frequently to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects in daily work use (laptop, monitors, et. al). Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time. Use of keyboards (typing) and exposure to computer screens occurs daily. Pleasant work environment in office locations with occasional noise or dust.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; use hands; reach with hands and arms; think; and talk or hear (multi-channel, two-way communication during work hours is required).As a leading payments company in healthcare, we guide, price, explain, and pay for care on behalf of insurers and their members. We’re Zelis in our pursuit to align the interests of payers, providers, and consumers to deliver a better financial experience and more affordable, transparent care for all. We partner with more than 700 payers, including the top-5 national health plans, BCBS insurers, regional health plans, TPAs and self-insured employers, over 4 million providers, and 100 million members, enabling the healthcare industry to pay for care, with care. Zelis brings adaptive technology, a deeply ingrained service culture, and a comprehensive navigation through adjudication and payment platform to manage the complete payment process.Commitment to Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and BelongingAt Zelis, we champion diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging in all aspects of our operations. We embrace the power of diversity and create an environment where people can bring their authentic and best selves to work. We know that a sense of belonging is key not only to your success at Zelis, but also to your ability to bring your best each day.Equal Employment Opportunity Zelis is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.We encourage members of traditionally underrepresented communities to apply, even if you do not believe you 100% fit the qualifications of the position, including women, LGBTQIA people, people of color, and people with disabilities.Accessibility SupportWe are dedicated to ensuring our application process is accessible to all candidates. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran and require a reasonable accommodation with any part of the application and/or interview process, please email TalentAcquisition@zelis.comSCAM ALERT: There is an active nationwide employment scam which is now using Zelis to garner personal information or financial scams. This site is secure, and any applications made here are with our legitimate partner. If you’re contacted by a Zelis Recruiter, please ensure whomever is contacting you truly represents Zelis Healthcare. We will never asked for the exchange of any money or credit card details during the recruitment process. Please be aware of any suspicious email activity from people who could be pretending to be recruiters or senior professionals at Zelis.
      
Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-zelis-3813605708?refId=tAdOVCJzJXY%2BCD6UaT8ivA%3D%3D&trackingId=brjbJOihhz9MljjOXPl4oA%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card