Position title: Data Science Intern (Ads)

Company: Reddit, Inc.


        Reddit is a community of communities where people can dive into anything through experiences built around their interests, hobbies, and passions. Our mission is to bring community, belonging, and empowerment to everyone in the world. Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on content, stories, and discussions about the topics they care about the most. From pets to parenting, there’s a community for everybody on Reddit and with over 50 million daily active uniques, it is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. For more information, visit redditinc.com.Reddit's Emerging Talent program is ready for our next cohort of interns, and we need Data Science Interns to join our crew! Are you a beginner Data Scientist with a dream of both building models and browsing subreddits at work? Well, you're in the right place! Reddit is in search of Data Science interns to join our internship program (and we guarantee you'll get to do some of both!).ResponsibilitiesWork on projects that impact the business. You'll gain exposure to how a real data science team works, from developing experiments to creating business cases.Be mentored by experienced Data Scientists from all backgrounds. From bootcamps to universities, small to medium and large companies, you'll work with data scientists of many different experiences and levels. You'll have a formal mentor on your team guiding you throughout the summer as well!Contribute to the betterment of Reddit, whether that be through making it easier to create content on Reddit, serving up relevant content to users, fighting evil on the site, improving our mobile apps, or a number of other projects we have in the works.Come to work at our San Francisco or New York office, complete with catered lunch, free snacks, and easy access to downtown SF or NYC. (Subject to change based on safety guidelines created due to the global health pandemic)Continue making Reddit history as a part of our next intern class. Be a part of a new community, earn some Reddit swag and get to know the city during sponsored outings over the course of the summer.Required QualificationsActively working towards a Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Information Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, or related fieldsGraduating between December 2024 and June 2025, with less than 2 years of relevant professional work experienceProficient in SQL programming languageCurious or driven by data analysis (strong analytical skills)You’re over the age of 18 and authorized to work in the United States; sponsorship is not available for this positionPreferred QualificationsA desire to work at Reddit offices in San Francisco or New York City over Summer 2024 (Subject to change based on safety guidelines created due to the global pandemic)Strong Python knowledgePrior internet/social media industry experience, either through internships or relevant work experience.Experience with quantitative social science research: sociology, political science, psychology.Being able to do framing and problem solving/ambiguity Experience working at a small start up or mid-sized companyPay Transparency: The base pay range for this position is $50 - $60/hour.
      
Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-science-intern-ads-at-reddit-inc-3812822390?refId=dUCpBILZIlCgy%2BAW4GhPnQ%3D%3D&trackingId=jel%2BM5ZBaMOxiJxOUtykUA%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=6&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card