Position title: Data Scientist Summer Intern

Company: Ambit Inc.


About Ambit: Ambit is a healthcare technology and services company that provides data, analytics, consulting, and platform-based offerings to biopharma companies with a focus on rare and specialty diseases. Ambit capabilities include the areas of Strategy, Digital, Analytics, Digital Transformation, and Patient Identification & Activation.About Ambit Leadership:Ambit is led by a team of entrepreneurs with decades of rare and specialty disease experience and a passion to deliver data-driven innovation for our Biopharma partners.Overview:At Ambit we are on a mission to transform the world of rare and specialty disease. We are looking for people who excel in their work and are able to manage ambiguity with resourcefulness and creativity. Our core values are:Set high standardsDeliver on ambitious goalsBe relentless and innovativeBe responsible and trustedThe Data Scientist intern will work closely with the Data and Analytics to solve interesting client problems, and to create and implement solutions. This 10-week internship is designed to provide you with a comprehensive understanding of our industry and the chance to develop valuable skills that will set you on a path to future success. As a Data Scientist, you will:   Work directly with company leadership to solve critical, interesting analytics problems.    Use advanced analytics techniques for clustering and classification in highly dimensional databases.    Apply your coding, modeling and critical thinking skills to personally deliver analyses that will drive key business insights.    Import, clean, manipulate and analyze large volumes of data to help evaluate and solve critical business questions using SQL, SAS, and other tools.    Communicate findings from your analysis to internal team members and use your findings to support critical strategic decisions.   Qualifications  Attaining an PhD or advanced degree graduating December 2024 through Summer 2025  Ability to manipulate data in SQL, SAS, R, or Python    Experience in advanced analytics such as ML/AI, NLP  Experience in cloud-based platforms (e.g. Snowflake, AWS, Azure)  is a plus  Experience in data visualization is a plus    Candidates with other expertise in analytics areas (e.g. data engineering, social listening, simulation) are welcome to apply.  Base salary is $25/hourQualities that we seek: In addition to strong educational background and relevant work experience, we evaluate the following:Problem solving abilitiesAttention to detailCommunication skillsOrganization and planning skillsInterested in growing and taking on additional responsibilities as part of a fast-paced entrepreneurial work environmentWork ethic We treat our team right:  Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect: An early-stage growth company filled with passionate and fun teammates, dedicated to changing every life touched by rare disease Flexible vacation policy with company wide shutdowns to unplug, rest, and recharge401(k) (full-time employees)Medical, dental, vision & disability insurance (full-time employees)Parental leave (full-time employees)

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-summer-intern-at-ambit-inc-3805762774?refId=AJjMIygp5TozPRyZxxj8Qw%3D%3D&trackingId=C%2F1Jeb0e6eVA9Y9HJb0EXg%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card