Position title: Data Scientist

Company: Marchex


        Marchex has been delivering innovative revenue generation and business optimization solutions for our customers since our founding, and as a public company since 2004. Our market-leading and award-winning conversation intelligence platform helps businesses gain the strategic insights needed to act immediately and win more business.Job OverviewThe Data Scientist role will bring a powerful combination of expertise in audio processing, audio modeling, Language Models (LLMs) and Machine Learning (ML) models to our organization. Through the mining and analysis of audio conversational data, the position will unearth vital insights and create predictive models that shape strategic decision-making, thereby boosting our overall business performance. This role contributes a comprehensive understanding of audio data analysis and model development, natural language processing, data mining methodologies, and predictive analytics, enabling us to interpret and leverage complex datasets. By facilitating effective communication and collaboration with cross-functional teams, this position will help translate data findings into implementable business strategies. The contributions of the Data Scientist will be instrumental in evolving our conversation analytics capabilities, improving customer interactions, and guiding our company's strategic direction.Outline Of Duties And ResponsibilitiesExtract, process, and analyze vast amounts of audio data from diverse sources.Design and build machine learning models to analyze and classify audio, text, and other dataApply natural language processing techniques to extract meaningful insights from unstructured text data. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify business problems and develop solutions.Explore new technologies and techniques to improve the performance of existing models.Create and maintain documentation for all models, code, and processes. Build and test functional prototypes.Partner with engineering to develop data-oriented product features.Work with the business and product teams to understand what information can best impact our clients, with a focus on measured experimentation.Collaborate across the company on data-driven initiatives.Drive customer conversations to understand business context and propose solutions to data problems.Provide clear and concise insights/recommendations from data analysis to team, senior execs and when needed customers.Capacity to develop strong understanding of business drivers for the core vertical Marchex operates and apply it to the data solutions we create.Support the vision and values of the company through role modeling and encouraging desired behaviors.Participate in various company initiatives and projects as requested.Experience, Skills And QualificationsMaster's or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or a related field, or commensurate experience. 3+ years of experience in audio analysis and modeling, including but not limited to:Audio cleaning and normalizationFeature extractionClassificationTime frequency analysisAutomatic Speech RecognitionExperience with natural language processing and machine learningExperience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or KerasStrong programming skills in Python and proficiency in data analysis libraries such as Pandas and NumPyExperience with cloud computing platforms such as AWS or GCPExperience working with large datasets and building scalable modelsExcellent communication and problem-solving skillsFamiliarity with emotion and sentiment analysisFamiliarity with large language models such as LLaMA 2, GPT-4, BERT, or XLNetFamiliarity with containerization tools such as Docker and KubernetesTeamOur technology team is a group of highly skilled and passionate individuals constantly pushing the boundaries of what is possible with technology. We are always looking for new and innovative ways to solve problems and make a positive impact. Our team culture is one of collaboration, continuous learning, and inclusivity. We value diversity and encourage team members to bring their unique perspectives and approaches to problem-solving.Working Conditions The job conditions for this position are in a standard office setting and may be fully or partially remote. Employees in this position use PC and phone on an on-going basis throughout the day. Limited corporate travel may be required to remote offices or other business meetings and events.BenefitsMarchex is committed the wellbeing of our employees. To ensure that every employee has the support they need Marchex offers a comprehensive benefits package. Some of these benefits may include, but are not limited to: Medical, Dental, Vision insurance; Life & Disability, Employee Assistance Program, Paid Holidays, Generous PTO, and Retirement Savings (401k/ RRSP). The benefits package offered may differ by location.Compensation ($92,800-174,000):Compensation range listed may include base salary and short and/or long-term incentives. Exact compensation may vary based on skills, experience, and location.Marchex’s Commitment To DiversityWe value a diverse workplace. Marchex is committed to employ people from diverse backgrounds and we actively demonstrate inclusiveness through fair, equitable and accessible hiring practices. We recognize the strength that comes from different experiences, backgrounds and perspectives and welcome candidates who identify as visible minorities, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities, and persons within the LGBTQ+ community. We feel it is important as an organization that all people have access and opportunity to be employed, to be valued and to be respected. Accommodations for job applicants with disabilities will be provided upon request during the recruitment, assessment, selection and placement process. Alternative format available on request.
      
Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-marchex-3803929745?refId=tAdOVCJzJXY%2BCD6UaT8ivA%3D%3D&trackingId=IVChb7Mei1lshohi4A6mdw%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card