Position title: Data Analyst Intern -- Entry Level

Company: CGI


        Position DescriptionLaunch a world-class career with our internships.Are you fascinated by information technology and its role in innovative business solutions? Are you a collaborative problem solver eager to gain industry experience that can transform into a dynamic career in consulting? If so, an internship with CGI is just the place for you.As a Data Analyst Intern, you will have the opportunity to work with data from various industries and transform it to develop actionable insights for our clients. At CGI, you can explore your full potential – not confined by borders or pre-defined paths. You’re empowered to tackle problems in your own unique way which is not only valued and respected but encouraged.**Spring Application Period is from January 15, 2024 through March 8, 2024**This position can be located in Tampa, FL -OR- Phoenix, AZYour future duties and responsibilitiesHow you’ll make an impact: Become a subject matter expert on Business Intelligence tools (such as DOMO BI, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, ArcGIS, Looker and MicroStrategy) Learn about various technology stacks and how they connect to and impact BI tools Design and build scalable data pipelines and models using Python or SQL Prepare data for various data and analytics use cases, including business intelligence and machine learning Develop and test dashboards, reports, and visualizations that answer business questions Collaborate with clients, colleagues, and other stakeholders across projects and work assignments Educate and learn from other team members about various technologies and industries Participate in business development and proposals on an ad hoc basisRequired Qualifications To Be Successful In This RoleWhat you’ll need: Enrolled in an accredited university/college pursuing a bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (i.e.: Data Analytics, Business Intelligence, Computer Science or Statistics) A positive outlook and hunger for learning Excellent problem solving and communication skills Collaborative mindset with flexibility and ability to deal with ambiguity Ability to work in the U.S. for an indefinite periodWhat you’ll gain:Industry experienceChance to provide influential assistance to projects and clientsOpportunity to use your business analytic skillsMentorship, guidance, and feedbackBeing a part of meaningful and practical workThe best version of you starts hereWe’re a global company of owners. Over 90,000 members strong, we bring our diverse backgrounds and perspectives together to solve some of IT and business consulting’s toughest problems for some of the world’s best companies. Looking for a place that empowers you to explore your full potential and shape your own career? The scale and reach of our impact offer you just that. Join a team of great people, collaborate on meaningful work, and serve the communities you call home.CGI is required by law in some jurisdictions to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. The determination of this range includes various factors not limited to skill set level, experience and training, and licensure and certifications. To support the ability to reward for merit-based performance, CGI typically does not hire individuals at or near the top of the range for their role. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range for BOTH Tampa, FL and Phoenix, AZ is $19 - $25 per hour.#CGIEarlyCareersInsights you can act onWhile technology is at the heart of our clients’ digital transformation, we understand that people are at the heart of business success.When you join CGI, you become a trusted advisor, collaborating with colleagues and clients to bring forward actionable insights that deliver meaningful and sustainable outcomes. We call our employees “members” because they are CGI shareholders and owners and owners who enjoy working and growing together to build a company we are proud of. This has been our Dream since 1976, and it has brought us to where we are today — one of the world’s largest independent providers of IT and business consulting services.At CGI, we recognize the richness that diversity brings. We strive to create a work culture where all belong and collaborate with clients in building more inclusive communities. As an equal-opportunity employer, we want to empower all our members to succeed and grow. If you require an accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please let us know. We will be happy to assist.Ready to become part of our success story? Join CGI — where your ideas and actions make a difference.Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, height, weight, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the Position ID of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a Position ID will not be returned.We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances.CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-analyst-intern-entry-level-at-cgi-3807053267?refId=WZ02pfiV0rrAEaw19mP%2FSA%3D%3D&trackingId=3ZFBekQhDwaX2aRoFbAYMQ%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card