Position title: Data Science Intern

Company: HP


About UsInnovation is in HP’s DNA. From our origins in a Palo Alto garage in 1939, to our current position as one of the world’s leading technology companies, HP has grown to become a leader in technology and corporate culture, inspiring innovators, and entrepreneurs around the globe. HP brings together a portfolio that spans printing, personal computing, software, and services to serve more than 1 billion customers in over 170 countries. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace that attracts exceptional talent and to supporting our employees to succeed at all levels. We dream in over 35 languages and share one mission: to engineer experiences that amaze.ResponsibilitiesYou will partner with a more senior data scientist and jointly define a project that you will tackle over the course of the internship – focusing on areas where your experience best complements the problem statement. Potential areas of work include: Perform exploratory data analysis on new datasets to generate insights and hypotheses that can help drive business value Learn about existing data science models at HP, and research ways to potentially improve them Identify and evaluate potential methodologies to tackle existing business problems at HP Explore new technologies and generate a proof of concept on how it can be deployed at HPEducation And Experience RequiredMaster's degree 1st yearAbout HPYou’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-science-intern-at-hp-3804033959?refId=tAdOVCJzJXY%2BCD6UaT8ivA%3D%3D&trackingId=ciKVkbf2JMzMHTCmdhXiDg%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card