Position title: Data Scientist Modelling

Company: Apexon


DescriptionPosition at ApexonAbout ApexonApexon is a digital-first technology services firm specializing in accelerating business transformation and delivering human-centric digital experiences. We have been meeting customers wherever they are in the digital lifecycle and helping them outperform their competition through speed and innovation.Job Title: Data Scientist ModellingJob Description Design, develop, and deploy machine learning models and algorithms. Collaborate with data engineers to design and maintain scalable data pipelines. Conduct data preprocessing, including collection, cleaning, and feature engineering. Implement machine learning models and monitor their performance. Stay updated with the latest trends and advancements in AI and machine learning. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and provide AI/ML solutions. Develop tools and processes to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.Skills RequiredKey Responsibilities: Design, develop, and deploy machine learning models and algorithms. Collaborate with data engineers to design and maintain scalable data pipelines. Conduct data preprocessing, including collection, cleaning, and feature engineering. Implement machine learning models and monitor their performance. Stay updated with the latest trends and advancements in AI and machine learning. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and provide AI/ML solutions. Develop tools and processes to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.Required Qualifications Master’s degree in computer science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or a related field. 1+ years of post-graduate experience in machine learning, data science, or a related field. Strong programming skills in Python and familiarity with ML libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch). Experience with data modeling, data architecture, and ETL processes. Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms and principles. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Ability to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.Experience Required 1+ years of post-graduate experience in machine learning, data science, or a related field. Strong programming skills in Python and familiarity with ML libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch). Experience with data modeling, data architecture, and ETL processes. Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms and principles. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Ability to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.Skills Preferred Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP). Knowledge of containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes). Familiarity with DevOps and MLOps practices. Experience with demand forecast and pricing strategyEducation Required: Master’s degree in computer science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or a related field.Education Preferred: Ph.D. in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or a related field.Our Commitment To Diversity & InclusionDid you know that Apexon has been Certified™ by Great Place To Work®, the global authority on workplace culture, in each of the three regions in which it operates: USA (for the fourth time in 2023), India (seven consecutive certifications as of 2023), and the UK.Apexon is committed to being an equal opportunity employer and promoting diversity in the workplace. We take affirmative action to ensure equal employment opportunity for all qualified individuals. Apexon strictly prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind and provides equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to gender, race, color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law.You can read about our Job Applicant Privacy policy here Job Applicant Privacy Policy (apexon.com)Our Perks And BenefitsOur benefits and rewards program has been thoughtfully designed to recognize your skills and contributions, elevate your learning/upskilling experience and provide care and support for you and your loved ones.As an Apexer, you get continuous skill-based development, opportunities for career advancement, and access to comprehensive health and well-being benefits and assistance.We Also OfferHealth Insurance with Dental & Vision401K PlanLife Insurance, STD & LTDPaid Vacations & HolidaysPaid Parental LeaveFSA Dependent & Limited Purpose careLearning & Development

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-modelling-at-apexon-3816732512?refId=PRh1GwTMkcVG1kf6Cb55cQ%3D%3D&trackingId=2vB6eIMQ0LG%2BeKuwtNpvLA%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card