Position title: Data Scientist

Company: Pizza Hut


As a CRM / Customer Engagement and Retention (CER) Data Scientist, you’ll closely support the CER team in making data-driven decisions about marketing campaign execution. This position will own critical analyses and integration projects from beginning to end, including opportunity identification, problem scoping, analysis framing / execution, and synthesizing results to project stakeholders as well as internal leadership.Analyze CRM & Loyalty campaigns to provide actionable recommendations to the CER team Identify areas of opportunity based on Loyalty/CRM analytics, customer segmentations, deployment tactics and audience targetingAssist in creating test and learn plans to facilitate tactical optimization and strategic changes to our programs to increase customer annual value (CAV) Partner closely with data science and loyalty vendor partners to monitor critical KPI’s EDUCATION Bachelor’s degree in computer science, marketing, databases, or a related field with 4+ years of experience working in analytics positions in performance-driven marketing, e-commerce, or consulting organizations. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS AND EXPERIENCEMaster Level of Experience using SQL; able to easily query complex data and construct data models as needed and experience working with relational databases (Snowflake), query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databasesComfortable with multi-faceted analytics projects, integrating data from multiple sources, and synthesizing & presenting actionable insights from a variety of data-points Working knowledge of a CDP (Treasure Data, Twilio, Bloomreach, Convertlab, Salesforce Data Cloud, etc.)Working knowledge of at least one commonly applied BI tool (Tableau, Power BI, Domo, etc.) Digital Marketing -tools (e.g. Braze, Punchh, etc.) and Project Management tools (e.g. Atlassian, Jira, etc.) Experience with data management and manipulation tools (Python, Scala, or R) and a desire to learn more Excellent communication skills with a record of successfully advocating to turn insights into action, as well as the ability to synthesize quantitative results to determine implications and make actionable strategic recommendationsSalary Range: $108,700­­ to $136,300 annually + bonus eligibility. This is the expected salary range for this position. Ultimately, in determining pay, we'll consider the successful candidate’s location, experience, and other job-related factors.Benefits: Employees (and their eligible family members) may enroll in the following types of insurance coverage: medical, dental, vision, legal, and accidental death and dismemberment, as well as FSA/HSA (depending on enrolled medical plan). Yum! also provides short-term disability, long-term disability, and life insurance. Employees may enroll in our 401(k) plan. Yum! provides 4 weeks of vacation, paid sick leave, 10 paid holidays, a floating day off and 2 paid days for volunteer time each calendar year. To learn more about working at Yum! -Click here. At Yum!, one of our core values is to Believe in ALL People. This means seeing the value in everyone and unlocking their full potential to be their best self. YUM! Brands, Inc. (including its subsidiaries Yum Restaurant Services Group, LLC (“YRSG”) and Yum Connect, LLC (“Yum Digital and Technology”)(collectively, “Yum”) is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to equity, inclusion, and belonging for all dimensions of diversity. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other protected characteristic. Yum! is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities or special needs.US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “Know Your Rights” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-pizza-hut-3809696351?refId=AJjMIygp5TozPRyZxxj8Qw%3D%3D&trackingId=vqhTWSEgS72qdOXi4zRrQg%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card