Position title: Data Scientist

Company: Thyme Care


OUR MISSIONThyme Care is the leading value-based cancer care partner, collaborating with payers and providers to transform the experience and outcomes for individuals living with cancer. The company partners with health plans, employers and risk-bearing providers to assume accountability for enhanced care quality, improved health outcomes, and reduced total cost of care. Thyme Care's approach combines a technology-enabled Care Team and seamless integration with providers, creating a hybrid collaborative care delivery model that guides and supports the entire patient journey. Thyme Care empowers over 300 oncologists nationwide through purpose-built tech, advanced data analytics, and virtual patient engagement, driving better care and outcomes in value-based arrangements. Thyme Care is a founding member of CancerX, and is backed by leading investors. To learn more about how Thyme Care is enabling the shift to value-based care in oncology, visit www.thymecare.com.YOUR ROLEAs a Data Scientist, you will join our Data team to help us build and maintain strong analytic capabilities that will support Thyme Care's mission. You will model data and create visualizations to report to stakeholders and deliver insights that drive action. To excel in this role, you should have experience managing data ingestions or integrations. Experience working with healthcare data such as claims, prior auth, and electronic health records is beneficial but not essential.In this position, you will collaborate with our Product, Engineering, Clinical, and Operations teams to manage and maintain the data infrastructure that supports data-driven decision-making. The primary responsibilities include developing reliable data pipelines, ensuring the seamless exchange of data across various systems, and curating clinical metadata. The role also involves monitoring data quality and integrity, troubleshooting data-related issues, and collaborating with other data teams to enhance data processes.After three months you will have:Gained a deep understanding of our data platform and contributed to improving our data models and pipelines.Identified key data products and mapped their dependence on raw data supplied by partners.Developed a data-testing framework that ensures stability by protecting key pipeline outputs. For example, you may develop a set of tests that alerts data scientists if an upstream change unexpectedly lowers the number of members that qualify for Thyme Care's programs.After six months you will have:Played a key role in building our data infrastructure and creating a roadmap for scalable and modular data architecture to support our team's growth.Led data integration with major healthcare clients - health plans, Accountable Care Organizations, and risk-bearing primary care practices.Taken ownership and led the development of metadata management by finding opportunities to automate ingestion of key clinical taxonomies.WHAT LEADS TO SUCCESS:Act with our members in mind. Thyme Care's mission, and in particular our member experience, matters deeply to you. Move with purpose. You're biased to action. You know how to identify and prioritize your initiative's needs, and do what it takes to ensure that urgent and important needs are acted on immediately. Seek diverse perspectives. You are humble and actively seek feedback from others, eager to learn and share knowledge.Experience. You have worked with large healthcare datasets, ideally in a health plan or healthcare-focused technology startup with mature data structures and pipelines as an Analytics Engineer or Data Engineer. Experience with medical claims, pharmacy claims, eligibility files, and other relevant healthcare data is essential for building data marts for reporting and analysis.Technical ability. You are proficient in analytical, data modeling, and data transformation is crucial. Familiarity with DBT is preferred, but we are open to candidates willing to learn it quickly. A working knowledge of Python or R and experience with Looker or similar BI tools for data analysis and visualization is a plus.Clear communication. You can effectively convey your thoughts and ideas to both technical and non-technical colleagues and stakeholders.Comfort with ambiguity. You have a successful track record working at scaling organizations, in fast-paced environments, and at ambitious startups. You navigate through challenges and find solutions in uncertain situations.OUR VALUESAt Thyme Care, our core values—Act with our members in mind, Move with purpose, and Seek diverse perspectives—guide us in everything we do. They anchor our business decisions, including how we grow, the products we make, and the paths we choose—or don't choose. We are committed to promoting the health and well-being of all individuals. As a provider of cancer care navigation, we recognize that those with cancer constitute a vulnerable population at risk of contracting COVID-19. As such, Thyme Care employees are expected to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, subject to conflicting laws and exemptions based on medical or religious objections.Our salary ranges are based on paying competitively for our size and industry, and are one part of the total compensation package that also includes equity, benefits, and other opportunities at Thyme Care. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, skillset, geography, and balancing internal equity relative to other Thyme Care employees. In accordance with New York City law, the base salary for this role if filled within New York City is $130,000-$160,000. The salary range could be lower or higher than this if the role is hired in another location. We also believe that your personal needs and preferences should be taken into consideration so we allow some choice between equity and cash.We recognize a history of inequality in healthcare. We're here to challenge the status quo and create a culture of inclusion through the care we give and the company we build. We embrace and celebrate a diversity of perspectives in reflection of our members and the members we serve. We are an equal opportunity employer.

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-thyme-care-3808807375?refId=fCEr%2BP%2BqDX3zYSjvUR6OMg%3D%3D&trackingId=73inbOif1XWqCuOyW4DqtQ%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card