Position title: Data Science Intern

Company: Medidata Solutions


Medidata: Power Smarter Treatments and Healthier PeopleMedidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences, creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and diagnostics companies, and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk, and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1,900+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development, commercial, and real-world data. Medidata, a Dassault Systèmes company, is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @medidata.The Program:At Medidata, interns will have the opportunity to accelerate their careers by working closely with experienced professionals and gain valuable, hands-on, full-time work experience. By being a part of our global organization, interns have the opportunity to work alongside our talented and committed professionals helping them to build a strong foundation for achieving their career goals. For 12 weeks, beginning May 20, 2024, interns will have an opportunity to gain a deep understanding of what it means to be a Medidatian. United around a single goal of empowering smarter treatments and healthier people. Medidatians work in a culture of curiosity, innovation and fun. You will be contributing to the line of business with sustainable and meaningful work.Our Summer Internship program also includes instructor led training, guided mentorship, exposure to senior leadership and community service. In addition to individual and specific related responsibilities, each intern will participate in our Intern Innovation Lab. Assigned to cross-functional teams, interns will work closely to develop an innovative solution to a business problem currently facing Medidata. As they work diligently to present their final solutions to a panel of top Medidata leaders, we are confident that our interns will make a significant impact on our business.The Position: The central mission of Medidata’s Platform Data Sciences (PDS) team is to collaborate across numerous platform organizations to bring machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data science expertise to their solutions. Among those solutions, Medidata’s family of Regulated Content Management (RCM) solutions are centered around the storage and submission of electronic documents. Currently, the Platform Data Science team is partnering with the RCM team to introduce new machine learning capabilities to their solutions portfolio. Beginning with the Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) solution, the current project aims to leverage machine learning and natural language processing to classify documents into distinct document types to enable automated filing of these documents under the eTMF file plan. The summer intern will partner with the data science team to aid in the development of the machine learning pipeline and evaluation of newly generated predictive models.Your Competencies:Ability to translate business challenges into data pipelines & model framework, owning and driving successful projectsStrong communication skills to articulate highly technical methods to diverse audiences to shape decision-making with a collaborative focusFluency in statistical tools and programming languages that allow you to be self-sufficient in handling data (e.g. Python, SQL, bash script)Knowledge of machine learning and natural language processing and the ability to apply them to the project (tokenization, classification, embeddings, etc.)Requirements: Bachelors/Masters/PhDs in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, Bioinformatics, or another quantitative field with a strong foundation in statistical methodology and computation.Experience with machine learning techniques (classification, deep learning, etc.)Experience using Git version controlExperience or interest in NLP is a plusExperience in a Linux environment, container is a plusAs with all roles, Medidata sets ranges based on a number of factors including function, level, candidate expertise and experience, and geographic location. The salary range for positions that will be physically based in Cincinnati, Ohio is $32.00 to $37.00 per hour with a $3,500 sign on bonus.Equal Employment OpportunityIn order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at Medidata are based on merit, qualifications and abilities. Medidata is committed to a policy of non-discrimination and equal opportunity for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or medical or common conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, familial status, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, veteran status, military service, application for military service, genetic information, receipt of free medical care, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law. Medidata will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.
      
Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-science-intern-at-medidata-solutions-3809930186?refId=PRh1GwTMkcVG1kf6Cb55cQ%3D%3D&trackingId=2kBy%2FXzOqO%2B25pdb1z%2FSyA%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card