Position title: Data Analyst

Company: SPS Health


SummaryDevelop the customer facing reporting strategy for the Trinity book of business. Reporting directly to the EVP, Trinity Benefits Solutions, this team member will be tasked with working across business units to help drive the strategy of delivering continued value-add solutions to the Trinity customer base as well as Trinity growth segments. A deep understanding of rebate and pricing business models will be a key driver for success in this role.Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesThis list of duties and responsibilities is not all inclusive and may be expanded to include other duties and responsibilities as management may deem necessary from time to time.Optimize reporting capabilities to deliver best-in-class reporting and trending insight into the Trinity customer base.Build an intuitive reporting platform that allows for quick, automated access for the customer base.Work closely with the Client Services Team and Data Analytics team to enhance the customer experience and provide frequent reporting to help optimize the business.Understand the value proposition of Trinity’s customers and their downstream customers to enhance their service offerings.Assist the client services team with quarterly business reviews and continuing to enhance the offerings that are being delivered to the customer base.Assist Data Analytics team with pricing strategies, including MAC pricing deliverables.Follow company policies and procedures in the course of all daily work activities.Perform other duties and responsibilities as requested or required. QualificationsRequires a bachelor's degree and two (2)+ years of related experience. Previous experience in PBM, rebate management and/or pharmacy is a plus.To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Experience with BI reporting, databases (dimensional and relational), including data ingestion and very large datasets.Proficiency in use of query and reporting analysis tools Competency in Excel (macros, pivot tables, etc.)Strong analytical skills and ability to work with large datasets and apply statistics.Excellent Communication skills and ability to build solid relationships with individuals at all levels, in multiple geographies and business functions, both internally and externally.Excellent problem-solving skillsSolid interpersonal skills with aptitude and drive to learn the inner workings of business operations.Language SkillsAbility to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals, manuals, financial reports, and legal documents. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints. Ability to effectively present information to top management, coworkers and/or boards of directors. Basic Microsoft Outlook, Project, Excel, Word and Power Point skills required with a basic knowledge and understanding of underwriting principals.  Reasoning AbilityAbility to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.  Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. (The phrases “occasionally,” “regularly,” and “frequently” correspond to the following definitions: “Occasionally” means up to 1/3 of working time, “regularly” means between 1/3 and 2/3 of working time, and “frequently” means 2/3 and more working time.)While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; talk or hear; and use hands to handle, or touch objects or controls. The employee is regularly required to stand and walk. On occasion the incumbent may be required to stoop, bend or reach above the shoulders. The employee would rarely need to lift up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.  Work EnvironmentThe colleague may perform work-related travel on rare occasions with office presence 2 times per week at our Milwaukee, WI location. Hybrid remote work is available with proven ability to work independently and efficiently. The above statements reflect the general details necessary to describe the principal functions of the occupation described and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all work inherent for the occupation. EEO StatementSummit Pharmacy Solutions, LLC (DBA: SPS Health), Trinity Healthcare Solutions, LLC, and all its affiliates, are equal opportunity employers committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all employment practices within our organization, including hiring, recruiting, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, leave of absence, compensation, benefits, training, and apprenticeship. The Company makes hiring decisions based solely on qualifications, merit, and business needs at the time.

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-analyst-at-sps-health-3801123099?refId=WZ02pfiV0rrAEaw19mP%2FSA%3D%3D&trackingId=ZP%2FERh8rCkhOCVkGNuM%2B3w%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card