Position title: Data Science Intern

Company: Allianz Partners


What You DoInternships with Allianz Partners consist of a ten-week program focused on giving students the opportunity to gain business knowledge and experience. The program generally follows a project management methodology that allows each intern to manage a project within a specific department. In addition, interns participate in lunch-and-learn, networking and mentoring opportunities.The program begins Monday, June 3, 2024, and ends Friday, August 9, 2024. The work hours are Monday – Friday 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.Essential Job Functions (other duties may be assigned):Identify business opportunities through the use of algorithmic, statistical, visualization, and data mining techniques.Support business problem definition explaining to the business the value that advanced analytics solutions will drive, as well as possible complications, needed resources, and who will interact with the predictions or results.Support the development of the data necessary to execute analytics solutions by collating and cleaning data from various sources to create input datasets.Support exploratory data analysis and feature engineering to prepare data for modeling.Support model development by selecting the appropriate approach per the data and business problem.Support the communication of results to technical and non-technical audiences including senior business leaders.Produce and disseminate non-technical reports that detail the successes and limitations of each project.Perform other duties as assignedWhat You BringMust be a college junior or senior, pursuing a degree. The preferred major(s) for this position: statistics, data science, computer science.Working knowledge of Python programming.Working knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts and common machine learning algorithms/subfields.Working knowledge of SQL databases & data files.Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.Strong technical troubleshooting skills.Problem-solving skills with the ability to develop creative solutions.Ability to quickly learn and apply new concepts.Ability to work independently and collaborate as needed with team and other departments.Ability to apply feedback, take initiative, and be accountable for work produced.40057 | Inhouse Consulting | Student | n.a. | Allianz Partners | Full-Time | TemporaryAllianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.We at Allianz believe in a diverse and inclusive workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We encourage you to bring your whole self to work, no matter where you are from, what you look like, who you love or what you believe in.We therefore welcome applications regardless of ethnicity or cultural background, age, gender, nationality, religion, disability or sexual orientation.Great to have you on board. Let's care for tomorrow.Note: Diversity of minds is an integral part of Allianz’ company culture. One means to achieve diverse teams is a regular rotation of Allianz Executive employees across functions, Allianz entities and geographies. Therefore, the company expects from its employees a general openness and a high motivation to regularly change positions and collect experiences across Allianz Group.
      
Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-science-intern-at-allianz-partners-3816935915?refId=tAdOVCJzJXY%2BCD6UaT8ivA%3D%3D&trackingId=%2BQXI%2BPvU37MfpRuIRwLaOg%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card