Position title: Data Science Intern

Company: Arch Capital Services LLC


        With a company culture rooted in collaboration, expertise and innovation, we aim to promote progress and inspire our clients, employees, investors and communities to achieve their greatest potential. Our work is the catalyst that helps others achieve their goals. In short, We Enable Possibility℠.Arch Capital Services 2024 Summer Internship Program is a paid 10-week program that offers students a unique opportunity to gain hands on experience in the insurance industry. The program will provide a learning experience that serves as a foundation for interns to explore their prospective career choices and to develop professional skills. Working alongside some of the most talented members of the insurance industry, our interns will gain relevant expertise in various aspects of their chosen field. At the end of the program, all interns will have the opportunity to present their accomplishments and learnings to the department team and leaders.The program will start on Monday, June 3rd and run through Friday, August 9th.Here at Arch, we work hard, but we also like to have fun too. Throughout our program, our interns will have plenty of opportunities to get to know their fellow interns and have some fun! Last year's program included a trivia night, lunch and learns to hear from leaders across the company, a virtual escape room, and even a mentalism show!Preferred location(s): Jersey City, NJ, Dallas, TX, Chicago, IL, Hartford, CT, Philadelphia, PA, Boston, MAOnsite requirement: 2x per weekJob Responsibilities:Collaborate, design, and build statistical models to support business decisions. Identify opportunities for analytic solutions. Manipulate data using python; develop advanced ad hoc queries to investigate data anomalies and to summarize data for pattern detection. Provide qualitative and quantitative data support to ensure accuracy of metrics. Specific duties will vary based on projects including: Underwriting, Models, Claim Models, GenAI & IDP solutions. Qualifications: The standard qualifications of intern candidates are:Rising, junior or senior undergraduate status or pursuing a Master's degree in statistics, data science, computer science, or a related STEM field. Must have at least 3.0 GPA. Interest in the insurance industry. Additional qualifications for the Data Scientist Intern:Experience with Python (NLP, GenAI, nice to have). Background in Bayesian regression models a plus. By the end of the program, the Data Scientist Intern will have gained:Exposure to realistic entry level data science work that solves insurance related problems. Exposure to analytics and business leaders in a fast paced, innovative, analytics organization. Pay:For individuals assigned to or hired to work in the states of NY or NJ, the hourly rate is $22 to $27. For all other locations, the hourly rate is $20 to $25 as of the time of posting. The breadth in the range exists to accommodate students in specialized programs such as actuarial candidates and graduate students. Any actual rate offered will take into account a number of factors including but not limited to geographic location, scope & responsibilities of the role, along with the education & qualifications of the candidate. The above range may be modified in the future. Intern position is eligible for select Arch benefits.Do you like solving complex business problems, working with talented colleagues and have an innovative mindset? Arch may be a great fit for you. If this job isn’t the right fit but you’re interested in working for Arch, create a job alert! Simply create an account and opt in to receive emails when we have job openings that meet your criteria. Join our talent community to share your preferences directly with Arch’s Talent Acquisition team.
      
Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-science-intern-at-arch-capital-services-llc-3812101527?refId=AJjMIygp5TozPRyZxxj8Qw%3D%3D&trackingId=0YXBeuEcyn5IY8zceNp1yw%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card