Position title: Intern, Epidemiology

Company: Biogen


Company DescriptionAt Biogen, our mission is clear - we are pioneers in neuroscience. Biogen discovers, develops, and delivers worldwide innovative therapies for people living with serious neurological and neurodegenerative diseases. Together, our employees create, commercialize, and manufacture transformative therapies for our patient population. We at Biogen are committed to building on our culture of inclusion and belonging that reflects the communities where we operate and the patients who we serve. We are focused on strengthening our foundation to advance our overall Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) strategy and, most importantly, ensure all our employees feel included.As an intern at Biogen, you can expect to be placed on a real project, under the guidance of experienced professionals and subject matter experts who are invested in your career and academic growth. We also ensure that you have plenty of opportunities to build your network, learn more about our organization through weekly lunch and learns led by leaders from across the company, and join us for several fun events.Job DescriptionThis application is for a 12-week internship role from June - August 2024. Resume review begins in January 2024.The Biogen Epidemiology group contributes to the mission and goals of Biogen by providing a deep understanding of patient populations and burden of disease throughout the drug development life cycle. This is accomplished by synthesizing existing knowledge as well as designing and conducting studies related to disease prevalence and drug safety and effectiveness. The group of approximately 12 Ph.D.-level epidemiologists are organized by disease units and deployed to drug development and other internal teams. The Epidemiology team uses resources that include internally held observational datasets.Position DescriptionThe position requires familiarity with the US healthcare experience. As an intern, you will be expected to work collaboratively with team members and groups across Biogen. The project will focus on answering epidemiologic questions related to neurodegenerative disease, neuromuscular diseases, and autoimmune diseases. Such work feeds directly into various stages of the drug development lifecycle and contributes to improving human health through better understanding of the scientific basis for responses to therapies at the population level.Under the guidance of an Epidemiology team member, you will conduct research using secondary resources such as literature and/or publicly available data, data visualization, or other topics related to the Biogen Epidemiology mission. A presentation at the end of your term is planned. A publication from the internship may be possible.QualificationsExcellent analytical/problem-solving skills Background knowledge about biological science/medical science Strong written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail Interest in real-world data, epidemiology, health disparities, neurodegenerative disease, neuromuscular diseases, and autoimmune diseases is also a plus. To participate in the Biogen Internship Program, students must meet the following eligibility criteria: Legal authorization to work in the U.S. At least 18 years of age prior to the scheduled start date Be currently enrolled in an accredited college or universityHave a graduation date no earlier than September 2024Education Have a Master-level degree (MSc or MPH) in Epidemiology (or closely related field) and currently be enrolled in a doctoral-level (PhD) program in Epidemiology.LocationRemoteAdditional InformationWhy Biogen?Our mission to find therapies for neurological and rare diseases is a unique focus within our industry and this shared purpose is what connects us as a team. We work together to overcome obstacles and to follow the science. We are resilient as we strive to make an impact on our patients’ lives and on changing the course of medicine. Together, we pioneer. Together, we thrive.At Biogen, we are committed to building on our culture of inclusion and belonging that reflects the communities where we operate and the patients we serve. We know that diverse backgrounds, cultures, and perspectives make us a stronger and more innovative company, and we are focused on building teams where every employee feels empowered and inspired. Read on to learn more about our DE&I efforts.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, race, color, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, religion, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. Biogen is an E-Verify Employer in the United States.
      
Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/intern-epidemiology-at-biogen-3804461093?refId=sv6oMmu6iE75R%2Fh2fE4h6Q%3D%3D&trackingId=%2Bqj9EUGExOcHQiAdrW8bGg%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=5&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card