Position title: Internship - Data Analytics

Company: Bath & Body Works


We make the world a brighter, happier place through the power of fragrance. This idea is what we were founded on, and it’s at the heart of everything we do. We’re a team that cares about our customers and believes in giving them a reason to celebrate with fragrance every day. We are committed to creating a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture that is focused on delivering exceptional fragrances and experiences. We work hard to improve our communities and our planet in a way that will make us proud for years to come...because we believe the world is a better place when everyone has access to the things that make them happy. INTERNSHIP OVERVIEW:Our internship program is a dynamic group of emerging, high potential rising university seniors who will have the opportunity to participate in a 10-week summer internship at the World’s Leading Fragrance Specialty Retailer.  This internship will provide the opportunity for a comprehensive view of the various functional areas within specialty retail. You will have the opportunity to work along-side and learn from BBW associates who will provide training, development and engagement of your function and our Brand.  Our internship program is a key driver of our early career talent pool through realistic job previews and meaningful projects and assignments. Inclusion means that your ideas and insights will be meaningful and valued in influencing our business. We are looking for interns to learn and support our business strategies through curiosity, a passion for retail and a can-do attitude. BBW interns will have the following development opportunities: · Mentorship and career development· Professional development workshops· Functional and brand learning· Networking, social and philanthropy opportunities with fellow interns and business associates to develop relationships with each other and key leaders within BBWPROGRAM AREA:Data Analytics The BBW Data Analytics team is responsible for creating customer knowledge within the brand by providing relevant and actionable customer insights. These insights help shape the overall BBW brand / customer strategy as well as influence merchant and marketing activities. The team’s work consists of analyzing customer shopping patterns, customer profiles, product category engagement, and marketing vehicle performance utilizing BBW’s internal customer and transactional databases.BBW Data Analytics Overview:Optimal candidates would have the ability to breakdown business questions, to develop an analytic approach, to translate data into insights, with experience presenting insights. The intern will learn about BBW’s recurring / standardized reporting as well as perform adhoc projects within different database tools. They’ll build rapport and trust with cross-functional partners and gain intimate knowledge of BBW’s business categories. The intern will work closely with the Senior Analysts to understand BBW customer data and how to provide actionable insights.Responsibilities:Perform data mining, statistical analysis, and database research to identify customer trends and opportunities.Special Project could include improve and develop new / better data analytics methodologies using both existing and emerging analytic techniques and resources. Experience with extracting, transforming, and validating large datasets using SQL. Experience with R and/or Python would be beneficial. Working in Excel and PowerPoint to put together data analysis for stakeholders. Total Rewards Package for Summer Interns · Competitive hourly wages · Furnished housing or living stipend · Personal days & Summer Fridays · 40% Merchandise Discount · Hybrid working (function dependent)· Successful interns could be considered for a full-time job upon completion.· University current juniors pursuing their bachelor’s degree and in good academic standing· Must be able to work 40 hours per week during summer 2023, Early June to Mid-August· Computer fluency with programs such as Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel· Innate curiosity and desire to learn, strong analytical and logical thinking skills· Strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task and prioritize· Have a strong passion for retail PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:· Previous internship, customer service or leadership experience· Ability to manage through conflict and problem-solve· Strong communication and presentation skills; can concisely present complex information/recommendations in terms meaningful to various audiences· Able to work in a fast-paced environment WHO WE ARE:Bath & Body Works is a global leader in personal care and home fragrance, including the #1 selling collections for fine fragrance mist, body lotion and body cream, 3-wick candles, home fragrance diffusers and liquid hand soap. Powered by agility and innovation, the company’s predominantly U.S.-based supply chain enables the company to deliver quality, on-trend luxuries at affordable prices. Bath & Body Works serves and delights customers however and wherever they want to shop, from welcoming, in-store experiences at more than 1,770 company-operated Bath & Body Works locations in the U.S. and Canada and more than 360 international franchised locations to an online storefront at bathandbodyworks.com.

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/internship-data-analytics-at-bath-body-works-3803014922?refId=fCEr%2BP%2BqDX3zYSjvUR6OMg%3D%3D&trackingId=EH1mft77OTBOWim3MB1ktg%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card