Position title: Junior Data Scientist

Company: Tech Consulting


Data Scientist   Are you seeking to grow and enhance your technical career to new heights, in a full-time, W-2 opportunity? What if an organization existed solely for the purpose of investing in YOU, being of service to YOU, showing you how, and supporting you every step of the way? Is a customized and personalized approach to your learning journey, career development, and overall ability to maximize your earning potential important to you? Let’s make it happen – together! What’s In It For YOU?    • Full time, W-2 employment, with FREE, Remote paid 9-week training in Data Science (an Industry-Proof Technology)  • Complete and total support post training to secure and thrive while working for end-clients• Relocation assistance for all projects, as needed•  Projects would be mostly located onsite with each client  • Robust W2 employee benefits • Full coverage medical, dental, vision insurance coverage through Cigna Open Access POS plans • 401K eligibility after one calendar year of employment, 3% company match → Basic life/AD&D, Dependent Disability (short/long term) coverage → Work visa sponsorship for Foreign Nationals → Opportunity for nationwide U.S. travel → Company-sponsored technical certifications, as necessary, per technology → Learn to become a best-in-class engineer, developer, and consultant. • Development in proven soft skills and interviewing skills methods • An expert technical engineer development program • Project deliverable support (once on project) • Exposure to a breadth and depth of best-practice production environments, code bases, and tech stacks with 100’s of industry-leading end clients • Opportunities to assist our end clients across multiple states architect, test, deploy, maintain, document, and scale upward  Who Are We? First – we're a top-tier IT consulting firm, providing best-in-class React Native Development solutions for companies across an array of industries including finance, energy, ecomm, logistics, travel, retail, entertainment, auto, and healthcare. We serve many end clients, some of which include Microsoft, Google, Johnson & Johnson, Fannie Mae, Walmart, PayPal, T-Mobile, McDonalds, CVS, Verizon, Charter, Nike, Dell, Wells Fargo, Capital One, Charles Schwab...just to name a few! As a consultant, this means you, too, will have these well-known, industry-leading end-client experiences when you join our team! Second – we're a people development firm. When you join our organization, you come to us with the required foundational technical skills, coding ability, educational degree, and general understanding that will serve as a foundation to learning React development. It’s our mission to mentor, develop, and train you, as mentioned above, to learn React development, so you can then gain experience and provide world-class consultative services to our end clients.   Company Highlights    → Our Expertise: IT consultative services and quality engineer development through recruiting, hiring, and coaching our consultants → Longevity: 25+ years of combined domestic and international experience in IT consulting → Depth: Hundreds of Fortune 1000, 500, and innovative start-up end clients with 1000’s of successfully completed and on-going projects across the US, EU, and UK → Global Reach: Employee work force is diverse, spanning across 4 continents of North America, Europe, South America, and Asia → Growth & Innovation: Active monitoring and measurement of the market across all technological sectors to adapt to and implement what's "next”    How We Will Help You   • Teach and Develop: We will instruct and train you in Data Science to become a best-in-class consultant through our proven method and program, capable of delivering end-client deliverables, through our paid, 6-8-week training course • Customized Support: Several teams will be ready to support and collaborate with you in a custom-tailored way; this includes our teams of Development Managers, Tech Subject Manager Experts, Project Deliverable Support, Corporate Trainers, Interview Coaches, Client Placement Specialists, and Immigration Specialists (for our foreign national candidates) • Project Placement: Our dedicated market-expertise sales team will help you seek, secure and maintain a project with our myriad end clients • Career Growth: You will gain the necessary industry experience to drive and propel your technical profession forward for many years to come!   What You Bring to the Role  • PHD is Preferred or master’s degree from an accredited college/university in: Data Science, Statistical Computing, Statistics, Mathematical Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems: Software Engineering, Software Development, Information Technology: Programming and Software Development, Computer Systems Engineering.• SQL, Scala, Spark, MATLAB, Data Cleaning, Information Theory, Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Big Data technologies such as Apache, Spark or Hadoop. • Python Programming or R Programming, Linear Algebra, Vector Calculus, Theory of Probability (Especially Measure Theoretic Probability) • 5+ years of work history with at least 3 years of programming experience within a company. • Very strong soft/communication skills. Demonstrated business acumen and ability to clearly define problem parameters with vague or incomplete information. Ability to study/research independently. Ability to follow instructions.• You MUST have programing experience to qualify.  • Strong Proficiency in Python or R programming language, or expertise with functional/object- oriented programming.• Experience with Linear Algebra, Vector Calculus, Theory of Probability (Especially Measure Theoretic Probability), and Theory of • Nice to haves would be SQL, Scala, Spark, MATLAB, Data Cleaning, Information Theory, Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform • Ability to translate objectives to a project plan with milestones, and resource/technology requirements, and teach, lead, and manage projects/people/clients to successful execution. • Ability to work across multiple engagements with clients to assess needs, provide assistance, and resolve problems, using structured problem solving and communication to both technical and non- technical audiences. • Availability to travel (80% after Training portion) and live in the U.S • Strong English written and verbal communication skills.

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/junior-data-scientist-at-tech-consulting-3810124988?refId=AJjMIygp5TozPRyZxxj8Qw%3D%3D&trackingId=wPVftxLGA80E7op3xFq5YQ%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card