Position title: Market Data Analyst, Intern

Company: E.L.F. BEAUTY


Company Descriptione.l.f. Beauty, Inc. stands with every eye, lip, face and paw. Celebrating the beauty of every eye, lip and face is fundamental to our DNA. It’s in our name and inspires us as a company. Our deep commitment to inclusive, accessible, cruelty-free beauty has fueled the success of the e.l.f. Cosmetics brand online and at retail since 2004. With the acquisition of clean-beauty brand W3LL People in February 2020, and the launch of the KEYS Soulcare brand in 2021 (created with Alicia Keys), we continue to expand our portfolio with strategic extensions that support our purpose and values. Our brands are widely available at www.elfcosmetics.com and other online outlets, at leading beauty, mass-market, and natural specialty retailers such as Target, Walmart and Ulta, and also internationally.e.l.f. has been public since 2016 (NYSE: ELF). The company has annual revenues of ~$300 million, a market cap of ~$1.5B and is a member of the S&P 600. The e.l.f. employee base represents the consumers that we serve – over 70% female and 46% diverse. e.l.f. is also a leader in board diversity. We are one of only five public companies that has over 60% women and over 20% black Board membership. We are committed to creating a culture internally – and in the world around us – where all individuals are encouraged to express their truest selves, are empowered to succeed and where we do the right thing for people, the planet and animals.Position SummaryThe Market Data Analyst Intern will focus on analyzing e.l.f.’s point-of-sale syndicated market data resources to help fuel data-driven decisions within the organization. This information provides the foundation for understanding e.l.f.’s market position, growth opportunities, and competitive landscape. The person in this role will analyze and report on the cosmetics and skincare industry’s performance with a special focus on e.l.f. and its primary competitors. The ideal candidate will enjoy data mining, telling stories with data, and surfacing recommendations based on market trends. The ideal candidate will gain experience developing engaging and impactful presentations that deliver value to the organization while telling a compelling story in a concise and polished manner to a diverse audience.Responsibilities:Utilize Nielsen, Circana, Euromonitor, and any other data resources, as well as related software, to develop market insights reports and presentations.Proactively seek out and help maintain a library of industry/category trends that help to surface opportunities across our brand portfolio.Build skills toward communicating data in easily digestible formats that can be easily understood by occasional data users.Support the Sr. Manager Market Insights in being the conduit across internal partners and data resources, supporting the needs of teams and individuals. Requirements:Currently pursuing a degree in Market Research, Business Analytics, Data Science and/or a field with a quantitative emphasisDeveloping analytical and communication skills, both written and verbalProficiency in using MS Office Suite of Products (Excel, PowerPoint, and Word) with special emphasis on Excel such as pivot tables, analytical functions, visualization, conditional formatting, and macros.Aptitude to synthesize data and develop meaningful conclusions/insights from several data sources.Additional data management and visualization experience (PowerBI, Tableau, etc.) are an advantage.Growing presentation skills working toward comfort presenting to large groups with coaching.Self-motivated and organized with high attention to detail and execution focused.Passionate about working collaboratively, data, analytics, and the beauty industry.This job description is intended to describe the general nature, and level of work being performed in this position. It also reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principle functions of the job identified, and shall not be considered, as detailed description of all the work required inherent in the job. It is not an exhaustive list of responsibilities and is subject to changes and exceptions at supervisors' discretion.

Job URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/market-data-analyst-intern-at-e-l-f-beauty-3804185298?refId=fCEr%2BP%2BqDX3zYSjvUR6OMg%3D%3D&trackingId=pyazjplm9ySFadb484gu%2BQ%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card